Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1005
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 78065 invoked by uid 1016); 11 Aug 2003 15:50:56 -0000
Date: 11 Aug 2003 15:50:56 -0000
Message-ID: <20030811155056.78064.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Infrastructure Application Developer - Detroit, MI (onsite), United States, MI, Detroit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/892

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August 11, 2003

Job title:
Infrastructure Application Developer - Detroit, MI

Company name: Fast Switch Ltd.

Internal ID: Perl-ESM

Location: United States, MI, Detroit

Pay rate: $65,000 to $85,000

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: >24 months

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
I am an executive search consultant with Fast Switch Ltd. in  Columbus, OH.
 We specialize in permanent and contract to permanent placements with
prestigious clients mainly in the Midwest.  
 
We are currently assisting our Fortune 100 client in Detroit, MI in their
search for an ESM Infrastructure Application Developer.  Below is a
detailed requirement list.  


Required skills:
 I. General Requirements:
a.	Ability to translate functional requirements specifications into
code with minimal supervision.
b.	Good programming habits including self-documenting code
development, timely production of external code documentation, and
adherence to development standards.
c.	Functional familiarity with UNIX operating systems, including AIX
and Linux shells as a development environment, including use of the 'vi'
editor.
d.	Familiarity with the use of source code control repositories
including PVCS, and source code control procedures.
 
II. Shell Scripting Skills
a.	Familiarity with Bourne (sh) and Korn (ksh) shell scripting to
automate scheduled and other repetitive tasks.

III.	Perl Scripting Skills
a.	3 to 5 years experience developing application logic in Perl
including the Perl object-oriented programming model and use of Perl
modules.
b.	Familiarity with the use of Perl's native regular expression
processing capabilities.
c.	Familiarity with the use of significant Perl Modules including DBI
and Oracle DBD modules.
d.	Familiarity with the secure use of Perl as a CGI back-end,
including the use of CGI modules.


Desired skills:
IV.		   Java 
a.	3 to 5 years experience developing applications in Java, including
stand-alone Java codes, and Servlets/JSPs running within J2EE Application
Servers.  
b.	Experience with developing for WebSphere Application Server with
WSAD is a plus.
c.     Familiarity with the use of JDBCs and integration with exposed
interfaces.

Please note: No visa sponsorship available at this time.  Local candidates
preferred.

Contact information:
Neha Jain 
Executive Search Consultant 
Fast Switch Ltd. 
37 W. Bridge St Suite 200 
Dublin, OH 43017 
neha@fastswitch.com 


