Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1030
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 11414 invoked by uid 1016); 21 Aug 2003 02:29:50 -0000
Date: 21 Aug 2003 02:29:50 -0000
Message-ID: <20030821022950.11413.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Senior Engineer / Analyst (onsite), United States, MA, Cambridge
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/918

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August 20, 2003

Job title: Senior Engineer / Analyst

Company name: Grand Virtual

Internal ID: SeniorEng

Location: United States, MA, Cambridge

Pay rate: competitive

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Grand Virtual is seeking a senior development engineer with strong
analytical and architectural skills.  As a lead developer, he/she will
implement key systems components and manage the development efforts of a
small team of engineers.  From an analytical standpoint, this engineer will
analyze application requirements and develop detailed technical
specifications, including UML-based models, APIs and schema for a team of
developers.  A background developing web-driven database applications in a
secure, highly-transactional banking or financial system is a major plus. 
The most important criteria for this position is the ability to develop and
deploy quickly, and to thrive in an environment with rapidly changing
requirements.

NOTE:  
We will accept NO resumes from recruiters whatsoever.  

Please DO NOT contact us if you are not perosnally a LOCAL candidate.

Required skills:
- Ability to understand end-user requirements, and to articulate technical
specifications to developers
- Superior knowledge of SQL; ability to work with large data sets in an
OTLP environment.  Experience with major RDBMS platform.
- Strong background in Linux-based development
- Perl
- Distributed computing protocols, especially XML-RPC or SOAP.
- UML (use cases, sequence diagrams)
- Managing incremental, iterative development for small, changing groups of
developers


Desired skills:
- MySQL, Informix
- Cross-enterprise application integration
- Strong background in banking or financial applications
- Experience in credit card processing
- Interest in gaming
- Ability to deploy open source-based solutions in an enterprise
environment
- Multi-lingual development


URL for more information: http://www.grandvirtual.com/

Contact information: Job2357@grandvirtual.com


