Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1031
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 11836 invoked by uid 1016); 21 Aug 2003 02:30:39 -0000
Date: 21 Aug 2003 02:30:39 -0000
Message-ID: <20030821023039.11835.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Sr Perl Developer (onsite), U.S., ca, Alhambra
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/919

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August 20, 2003

Job title: Sr Perl Developer

Company name: eQuest Solutions

Location: U.S., ca, Alhambra

Pay rate: $80-100K + options

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: full-time

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Do you have 3+ years of developing large-scale web based systems in Perl on
Linux?

If so please read the job description below.  If you are interested, please
send me your updated resume, as an attachment, that details the
type/purpose of systems and Perl/Linux experience.  Please note that the
hiring manager is requiring that this experience be as detailed as possible
in the body of your resume.

If you were not interested, I was hoping you could help me out and refer me
to a Sr. Level Perl Developer that is ery solid with Linux that you have
worked with or know of that would be interested in the following positions
in Alhambra, CA. 

I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide me and would be happy
to provide you with a referral fee for any resulting placements.

Location: Alhambra, CA
Salary: $85-100K + options

A leading Global Internet Company is looking for 3 Sr Level Perl
Developers.  Company has been public for over 3 years, has been profitable
for the past 6 Quarters, has YTD Net Income of $18+ million and has $100+
million in cash.  Company has over 500 employees globally.

The Sr Perl Developer will be part of an exclusive team, within the
company, that is responsible for working with the company’s key/elite
external partners and clients developing new, customized and unique
solutions/applications that will result in increased revenue and ROI.  The
Sr Perl Developer will meet with the external partners to determine their
requirements, translate the requirements into technical solutions and
implement the new solutions into the current infrastructure and enterprise
systems, including enterprise wide middleware products.  New applications
will primarily be developed in Perl on Linux.  Current enterprise systems
are built in Java and Perl running on BEA WebLogic and ATG Dynamo
Application Servers on Solaris with Oracle 8i on the back-end.	Current
development is exclusively being written on RedHat Linux utilizing VI or
emac editors (NO IDE’s). Company consistently works with bleeding edge
technology. Engineering team consists of 15+ Caltech and MIT alum.

Company offers full benefits medical (PPO & HMO) including dental and
vision, 401K, Stock Option and Purchase Plans, 2 weeks paid vacation, 8
paid sick days, Short and Long Term Disability, Life Insurance, casual
attire and flexible work hours.


Required skills:
REQUIREMENTS:
Candidate MUST BE FLUENT IN KOREAN OR JAPANESE (BOTH ORAL AND WRITTEN). NO
EXCEPTIONS.
Candidate MUST have at least 3+ years of Java and/or Perl development on
Unix, preferably Linux, (a MUST HAVE) for large-scale, high-volume Web
based systems. Currently, company is developing on Linux and deploying on
Solaris.
Should have experience deploying Perl code on Application Servers;
preferably ATG Dynamo and/or BEA WebLogic.
Proven OO Analysis and Design experience with UML and different design
patterns.
Java/Perl multi-tier client server systems.
Scalable high throughput low latency systems.
Familiarity with system SLAs (establishing them, meeting them,
understanding them).
Familiar with low level instrumentation of code for performance (perl,
'c').
Understanding of system level components to aid in high performance
software development
Understanding of web services architecture
Understanding of heterogenous production environments
Experience interfacing with external clients (outside the company) a plus.
Bachelors or Masters C.S. Degree is preferred
Any messaging and middleware experience is a plus.
Experience with any alogorithm-based applications/systems is a plus.
Experience with Oracle, XML and any middleware products a plus.


Please do NOT apply unless you are fluent (both oral and written) in Korean
or Japanese (a test will be given) and have at least 2 years of Java and
Perl development on Unix/Linux for large distributed Web Systems.  Your
Perl and Unix/Linux development and deployment experience must be detailed
in the body of your resume before client will consider it.

*Company will not offer relocation assistance. *

Company is in position to hire immediately.  Qualified candidates will be
required to take and pass an extensive Java/Perl/Unix exam.



Contact information: al@equestsolutions.com


