Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:10351
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 25864 invoked from network); 28 Jul 2010 19:38:39 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 28 Jul 2010 19:38:39 -0000
Received: (qmail 22647 invoked by uid 225); 28 Jul 2010 19:38:38 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 22642 invoked by alias); 28 Jul 2010 19:38:38 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-5.0 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Wed, 28 Jul 2010 12:38:37 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id BA9AD2AFD3; Wed, 28 Jul 2010 12:38:33 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20100728193833.BA9AD2AFD3@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Wed, 28 Jul 2010 12:38:33 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Systems Engineer - Tools Automoation (onsite), United States, NY, Buffalo
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/12622

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July 28, 2010

Job title: Systems Engineer - Tools Automoation

Company name: Synacor

Internal ID: 1234

Location: United States, NY, Buffalo

Pay rate: Competitive Salary

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Synacor is a dynamic, fun and exciting company.  Jeans and t-shirts are
typical office attire, even for the executives. Flexible work hours
accommodate employees with special scheduling needs, early risers and those
who need a little caffeinated kick-start each morning. Synacor's
headquarters are located along Buffalo's waterfront and the Erie Basin
Marina. Taking a few minutes to stretch your legs is as easy as walking the
1,000 feet or so to the water. Working from our beautiful lakefront gazebo,
makes it easy to spend a little time outside while still being productive.
We are looking for great people to join our team and be given the freedom
to do the work they were hired to do.

We are seeking a Systems Engineer-Tool Automation that will develop
optimized solutions that facilitate the operational and needs of Synacor to
enhance development and service delivery in an online production
environment. This Synacorian will be responsible for creating the robot
like tools that will automatically and systematically perform functions
that currently require human intervention. This role will enhance Synacor
operations while reducing administrative work load. 

Robots, Androids, and Scripts! OH MY! This unique career opportunity will
take place in an online global enterprise, where you will be encouraged to
exploit your creative meanderings and technical prowess to replace human
interaction with scripted robots and droids. Synacor is focusing efforts on
a cloud-based architecture to enable greater operational scale and
efficiency for our growing Customer base.  The Systems Engineer will help
develop optimized solutions that facilitate the operational delivery of
services in a SaaS environment.  We are looking for individuals with a
strong operational background who enjoy a challenging environment, able to
adapt and deliver solutions that can incorporate both off-the shelf
solutions, as well as in-house developed solutions.  This role will be
critical in helping facilitate Synacor’s strategic direction towards
enabling greater efficiency in delivery of our services to our Customers. .
If you’re ready to be a game changer  then  Synacor wants to hear from you.


Duties and Responsibilities:
•	Work with IT and Product Development customers to create solutions
that simplify and automate transactions while creating repeatable methods
that are consistent across Synacor’s global infrastructure. 
•	Automate the reconciliation of events, trends, and log events
within Synacor’s monitoring and reporting platform as well as identifying
and reporting Key Performance Indicators.
•	Modify, enhance, or create the tools to reduce service restoration
time and troubleshooting activities performed by Synacor’s Technical staff
•	Assist with monitoring platform (GroundWorks) administration
•	Be able to develop automated solutions, based upon operational
process flows or engineering designs and that integrate with existing
solutions / systems.
•	Documentation to include: functional and design, as well as any
operational user training as necessary.

What we’ll bring to the table:
•	100% Company paid benefits (health, dental, vision) for all
employees and eligible dependents
•	Competitive compensation
•	25 cent vending machines
•	Free Spot coffee, popcorn and cappuccino
•	Award winning company culture
•	Casual dress and flexible environment
•	Generous paid time off
•	The opportunity to make a difference!


Required skills:
What you’ll need to bring to the table:
•	Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related program or
equivalent work experience
•	3-5 years of experience as Linux Systems Administrator role in a
24x7 operations LAMP (Linux, Apache, Mysql, PHP/Perl) environment 
•	Excellent documentation skills are needed as process and procedure
creation are imperative to this role given the creation of custom tools in
an environment with strict service level agreements.
•	The ability to develop scripts and tools using languages such as
Perl, PHP, Ruby, Java, JDBC, XML, and Python. 
•	Familiarity with protocols such as: http/s, TCP/IP, SOAP, SNMP,
SMTP/POP/IMAP, DNS, (Open) LDAP
•	Experience in developing solutions that integrate 3rd Party API’s,
CLI’s, and Web Service calls
•	Administration experience of enterprise monitoring platforms, such
as Ground Works, Cacti, Big Brother, BMC Patrol, etc.
•	The ability to find elegant ways of programmatically retrieving
data from non-trivial sources. A strong understanding of access
methodologies, systems designs, and systems interactions is important as
well as overall web and development infrastructure design.
•	Good interactive communication skills with technical and management
personnel. This Synacorian should possess a customer service mentality.
•	Ability to self-motivate and work without direct supervision to
resolves problems and enhance operational functionality. The candidate
should also have creative and inquisitive tendencies to seek out
inefficiencies and work to eliminate them.


URL for more information: http://www.synacor.com/

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/12622#contact


