Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1047
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 85725 invoked by uid 1016); 27 Aug 2003 13:45:30 -0000
Date: 27 Aug 2003 13:45:30 -0000
Message-ID: <20030827134530.85724.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl & SQL Programmer for UK Web Hosting Company (onsite), United Kingdom, Yorkshire, Doncaster
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/935

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August 27, 2003

Job title:
Perl & SQL Programmer for UK Web Hosting Company

Company name: Donhost Limited

Location: United Kingdom, Yorkshire, Doncaster

Pay rate: negotiable

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
ABOUT DONHOST
The company is a South Yorkshire based web-hosting provider, established in
December 2000, and owned in its entirety by the current managing director.
We were amongst the first companies to offer a fully automated web hosting
solution and continue to lead the market through the constant development
of our proprietary web hosting technologies. Donhost clients benefit from
the most advanced, feature rich web based control panel in the industry,
unparalleled reliability and our first class technical support.

Being privately held, having no external investors and no borrowings, the
company is highly stable. The company has enjoyed healthy profits every
month since it’s establishment, the retention of which has funded its
expansion. The company’s turnover has risen steadily over its life and
continues to do so.

The opportunity now arises for a talented and highly motivated individual
to join our team of 6, to participate in the improvement of our services
and team and play a significant role in the expansion and growth of the
business.

JOB DESCRIPTION
The company’s unique hosting automation software has been key to our
success and is the fulcrum of the business model. Written wholly in-house,
it automates repetitive administrative tasks enabling the company to
operate with minimal overheads and human resource whilst giving customers
complete real time control over their hosting solution. You will join our
development team of three in which you will participate in the ongoing
development and improvement of this software and technology.

You will be expected to undertake smaller projects on your own and work in
partnership with other team members to complete larger ones. The existing
developers have little experience developing software as part of a team and
recognise the potential for improvement of our planning, working and
testing methods. It would be highly advantageous if you have experience of
working on large projects in a substantial team and are able to bring with
you the knowledge of the systems and methods needed to coordinate a team
driven software development project.

You will have plentiful opportunity to formulate ideas and concepts for
improvements to our software and be heavily involved in the planning phases
as well as the actual implementation.

Required skills:
You will have outstanding perl and SQL programming skills coupled with
sound experience of a UNIX type operating system. You will need to have or
quickly acquire an understanding of web hosting and server administration
concepts in order to be able to write automation software in these fields.

Knowledge in the following specific areas will be required.

o Perl Programming
- DBI
- CGI Scripts
- Use of perl scripts to automate administration of UNIX systems
o SQL Programming
- Ideally fully versed with mySQL specifics
o UNIX/Linux
- Ideally FreeBSD or close flavour
o Web Site Hosting Concepts
- DNS
- Apache web server
- Mail server

Desired skills:
Knowledge in the following areas would be advantageous but is not
essential.

o Software Development Project Management
- Planning
- Co-ordination
- Testing
o C Programming
o Shell Scripting
o Visual Basic Programming
- ASP
- ADSI


URL for more information:
http://www.donhost.co.uk/company/job2.html?adid=RC4

Contact information:
In the first instance, write to Dan Conlon including your CV and current
salary at jobs@donhost.co.uk.


