Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:10516
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 8992 invoked from network); 8 Sep 2010 22:25:38 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 8 Sep 2010 22:25:38 -0000
Received: (qmail 2054 invoked by uid 225); 8 Sep 2010 22:25:38 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 2047 invoked by alias); 8 Sep 2010 22:25:38 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-5.0 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Wed, 08 Sep 2010 15:25:36 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id 5E69B2AFE4; Wed,  8 Sep 2010 15:25:33 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20100908222533.5E69B2AFE4@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Wed,  8 Sep 2010 15:25:33 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Perl Webapp Developer in the exciting document compliance industry (onsite), United States, WA, Redmond
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/11267

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September  8, 2010

Job title:
Perl Webapp Developer in the exciting document compliance industry

Company name: Lucidoc Corporation

Internal ID: SD12

Location: United States, WA, Redmond

Pay rate: DOE + benefits + stock + bonus

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
If you're excited about the compliance industry (and who isn't) and have
the qualifications, we would love to know more about you.  Even if you're
not sure what this compliance stuff is (it does seem esoteric at times) or
you suspect it might be extremely boring (this is true for most people),
then you still might want to check this out. We think writing software that
makes our customers awesome at managing documents and heroes when it comes
to being audit-ready at the drop of a hat is fun and challenging. And
frankly, we're warming up to all this compliance stuff.  There's documents,
revision histories, meta-data galore, workflow (state) diagrams,
hierarchies, pointers going every-which-way, and even a good use for
cryptographic checksums. Managing document compliance looks a lot like a
good distributed source code management system when you look at it that
way. So, have a closer look. If you're self-driven, love challenges, and
enjoy working with other geeks, then we want to hear from you.

Our team is small, the job is daunting, and we need more talent to meet our
development roadmap goals. You would be working on and using our core
product, the Lucidoc Compliance Management Solution application; a
web-based system largely developed in Perl, SQL, HTML, and JavaScript that
has been in production use for ten years. Naturally, some of the work
involves maintenance and customer support. But our primary efforts go
toward adding new features based on customer, business, and market needs.
Our management team is dedicated to keeping distractions to a minimum and
roadblocks out of the way (although, they occasionally get through as I'm
sure you're familiar with). The development team takes responsibility for
deciding how things will be implemented within the framework of the
development roadmap. We also have a lot of input into our future technical
strategies.

We're not just looking for another coder with the technical chops on some
list of bullet points. We want someone who embodies The Three Great Virtues
Of A Programmer. Someone with the fortitude to bring order to chaos,
clarity to over-cleverness, and elegance to clumsy, brute-forced code.
Someone fearless yet vindictive when faced with spaghetti code. Someone who
demonstrates eternal vigilance against code entropy. Someone who strives to
keep up with evolving development standards in web application
infrastructure.


Required skills:
This list is not necessarily complete but rather intends to give one a
concept of the kind of developer we hope to work with. We don't expect
anyone to make a "perfect score" and prefer that we are all striving for
some unattainable perfection. A link to a more detailed job description is
provided below.

 - Significant knowledge of and expertise in Perl programming for large
applications.

 - At least 5 years experience developing web-based applications, including
working with session data storage, relational databases, caching, and
inter-process communication.

 - A solid understanding of the "separation of concerns" and how it relates
to a MVC application.

 - Solid experience and competence with Linux/UNIX, Subversion, Git,
Mercurial or similar version control system, HTML & CSS, JavaScript, SQL,
and XML.

 - Understanding of professional software development processes. Including
familiarity with the cycles of requirements definition, issue tracking,
version control, automated testing, deployment and maintenance and Agile
development methods.

 - The ability to think and make decisions rapidly based on business
criteria, not exclusively on technical priorities. Equally important is the
ability to determine and understand the consequences of every change made
in the application.

 - Clear and articulate communication, both written and spoken.

 - Forward thinking mindset and the ability to consider future growth and
analyze scalability of existing systems and software, and to apply those
insights to current development.

 - The ability to quickly understand requirements, documentation and
contribute code towards various project deliverables in a timely and
professional manner is required.

 - Taking initiative beyond minimum expectations to determine long-term
successes of the company.

 - Provide guidance and mentoring regarding best practices and software
industry standards, code design and implementation.

 - Perform code reviews.


Desired skills:
Expertise with: JavaScript, mod_perl2, Oracle 10g database, MS SQL Server

URL for more information:
http://www.lucidoc.com/cgi/doc-gw.pl?ref=lcorp:10606

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/11267#contact


