Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:10597
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 30337 invoked from network); 5 Oct 2010 00:49:42 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 5 Oct 2010 00:49:42 -0000
Received: (qmail 30719 invoked by uid 225); 5 Oct 2010 00:49:41 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 30715 invoked by alias); 5 Oct 2010 00:49:41 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-5.0 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Mon, 04 Oct 2010 17:49:39 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 2E8382AFE0; Mon,  4 Oct 2010 17:49:36 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Date: Mon, 4 Oct 2010 17:49:36 -0700
Message-ID: <20101005004936.2E8382AFE0@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Telecommute - Independent Thinking Senior Perl Developer/Architect
 for SAAS provider (telecommute), United States, MA, Boston
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/5848

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  4, 2010

Job title:
Telecommute - Independent Thinking Senior Perl Developer/Architect for SAAS
provider

Company name: NetSuite / OpenAir

Location: United States, MA, Boston

Pay rate: 80-100K, experience dependent

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: no

Description:
Summary - 
Full time applicants with minimum of 5 years corporate experience. 
Candidates local to the Boston area are preferred.  Unique telecommuting
opportunity for mature self driven independent senior developers
experienced with Open Source tool sets.  If you are a hard worker and have
always desired to work in a community like environment with minimal
management oversight this is the job for you.  OpenAir provides business
process/work flow software and we are looking for individuals who enjoy the
rewards that not only come with corporate success, but also by having their
work really make a significant impact to the product.  

Evolve often minimally-defined client business requirements into
professional quality OpenAir solutions which satisfy not only that client,
but have the flexibility and customizability to be used by clients with
differing business processes and needs.  These solutions may require the
conceptualization, design and implementation of a full-blown OA Module,
they may require evolving the system with architectural extensions or they
may dictate a minimal tweak to existing functionality. 

Fully scope out the impact of an implementation by considering all of the
necessary changes and any impact they may have on other parts of the
product.

Work in the OA development environment which is defined by ASP deployment,
a rapid release cycle and based on the Extreme Programming software
development discipline combined with the OA operating principle of customer
service orientation.  This environment mandates that bug fixes impacting
clients take precedence over both quick on-demand enhancements and longer
term planned development initiatives.	It also means that quick on-demand
enhancements often take precedence over previously planned initiatives. The
rapid release cycle insures that features that are pushed out past a
release date because of this operating principle can be addressed in either
the next scheduled release or slip-streamed in the interim.  This
environment insures that we have a high level of confidence in setting
client expectations.

Essential Job Functions:

Technical Leadership -Act as a technical lead on a variety of projects to
drive requirements all the way through to implementation.  Work closely
with key stakeholders both internally and externally as needed to deliver
solutions in a timely manner.  

Work closely with management to:
1) identify issues, and solutions proactively.

2) Educate peers and staff with regards to the application as well as new
technologies that may help drive the product forward or promote
efficiencies 

3) Stay abreast of new technologies and trends that may impact the product
or company and share these with your peers.

4) Assist management in cross training existing and new staff so that we
can expand the engineering department and provide growth opportunities for
all engineering staff.

5) Requirements definition -Help users flush out business requirements to
the point where they can be translated into usable technical
specifications.  Guide those who define these requirements towards
technical solutions that promote code reusability, maintainability, and
features/enhancements that benefit as large a portion of the client base as
possible. 

6)Solution Design/Development -Design and develop technical high quality
solutions that promote code reusability, maintainability, and build
features/enhancements in such a way that benefit from a single request can
be shared by as large a portion of the client base as possible.  Fully
scope out the impact of an implementation by considering all of the
necessary changes and any impact they may have on other parts of the
product.Balance these criteria and review approach to management and peers
to ensure the designed solution meets these objectives.  Perform this task
with minimal QA support and wile adhering to agreed upon code development,
version control, and deployment practices as defined in the OpenAir
backoffice site.
	
7)Production Support - Respond in a timely manner to technical, application
specific, and application workflow related issues.  Assist support staff in
diagnosing and resolving customer issues as quickly as possible.  Always
place production support related issues as a higher priority than other
work.  

8) Communication - Provide timely, accurate, and professional verbal and
non-verbal communication to all staff of OpenAir.  Appropriate professional
representation of OpenAir in any forum with those individuals who already
have relationships with the company or those who are looking to develop a
relationship with the company is expected.

9)Documentation - Provide timely, accurate, and professional documentation
that details technical solutions and changes applied to the OpenAir
application and supporting software tools.  Assist support staff in
creating and reviewing documentation required for support purposes.  


Essential Job Responsibilities:


1) Leading/Supporting Change - Guides peers and staff through changes in
the business organization;  sustains people's confidence by keeping them
informed and develops strategies for dealing with resistance to change. 
Researches new technologies that can be leveraged for improvements to the
application or towards improvements in efficiencies.

2) Accountability - Structures work to maximize efficiency and harmony of
operation for achieving end result.  Holds self and others to high
standards of quality  by taking steps to ensure all projects and tasks are
completed on schedule with limited post deployment support issues.

3) Communication - Demonstrates effectiveness when communicating orally and
in writing.  Handles issues in professional manner.

4) Coaching - Takes time to develop others by providing guidance and
supportive feedback.  Provides appropriate tools, and direction to peers
when in a mentoring role Critical Thinking - Takes a logical approach to
analyzing problems, developing solutions, and organizing work.	Exercises
sound judgement 

Essential Corporate Drivers:

1) Work at a high level of productivity with minimal management oversight

2) Provide end to end software solutions with minimal QA support.

3) Always prioritize Production Support as the highest priority.

4) Make decisions and design solutions that are primarily focused towards
benefiting the needs of the many rather than those needs of the few.

5) Make decisions based on the guiding principal that it is the customer
experience that is the core of our business and success.

6) Have the courage to take calculated risks that benefit the company. 
Review these risks whenever possible with peers and management to ensure as
many factors are taken into consideration prior to acting upon these risks.


7) Provide the experience and leadership to challenge everyone so that
solutions will continue to pay dividends long after initial release.


Required skills:
Perl, CVS, mySQL, Linux, Apache. Previous management experience and/or
exposure to business process software.

Desired skills:
Perl, CVS, mySQL, Apache, Linux.  


Website for more information: http://www.openair.com/

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/5848#contact
