Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1076
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 12937 invoked by uid 1016); 13 Sep 2003 19:27:24 -0000
Date: 13 Sep 2003 19:27:24 -0000
Message-ID: <20030913192724.12936.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl Reporting and Application Developer. (onsite), NY, New York, New York
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/963

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 13, 2003

Job title:
Perl Reporting and Application Developer.

Company name: Profitable Marketing Firm

Location: NY, New York, New York

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
A profitable marketing company is seeking an experienced Perl programmer to
focus on creating reporting-oriented applications.  The right candidate
will not just have dabbled in Perl, but will have written thousands of
lines of readable and high-performance Perl code and will also have deep
knowledge of HTML and MySQL. The sort of person we are looking for does not
answer every Perl question by saying that he or she would have to look it
up. This position will also require lots of direct interaction with the
leaders and members of business units outside technology, and therefore
requires excellent communication skills. The desire and ability to
understand the driving metrics of the company are a big plus.  If you are
up to this challenge and can prove you have these skills, send a resume and
one paragraph explaining why you are qualified to jobs@TechnologyPS.com.
This company is growing at a great pace, so there is lots of room for
responsibility growth and self-motivated individuals are highly valued.
This is a full-time position with generous salary and benefits for the
right candidate.


Required skills:
Must Reside in NYC area. Not interested in relocations
Advanced Perl Programming with mod perl
MySQL
Database design and optimization

Desired skills: creativity

Contact information: Send responses to jobs@TechnologyPS.com


