Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1080
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 87997 invoked by uid 1016); 15 Sep 2003 20:32:36 -0000
Date: 15 Sep 2003 20:32:36 -0000
Message-ID: <20030915203236.87996.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Systems programmer for anti-spam service (onsite), United States, California, San Francisco
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/965

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 14, 2003

Job title: Systems programmer for anti-spam service

Company name: Cloudmark

Location: United States, California, San Francisco

Pay rate: $60K + USD

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Build, administer and maintain servers, networks and services, in the
production service environment, specifically creating processes and
Perl-based tools for these purposes. 
Manage security in the production and office environments. 
Contribute to the production process documentation. 
Provide systems administration for the production service including backups
and on-call response. 
Provide on-call support for the production environment. 
Support office and QA information infrastructures. 

Required skills:
Perl for systems adminstration: database, http, and other tcp/ip interface.

Netsaint/Nagios and perl scripting for operational monitoring.
5+ years in the service-provider operations environment, working at the
system level. 
Must be able to build a unix network, with domain name services, mail
services (sendmail), web services (Apache), database services (MySql,
Oracle) and file services (Windows, Samba, CVS). 
Must have solid hands-on skills with desktop workstations (HP, Dell, misc.)
and rackmounted servers (Compaq DL-360/380). 
Must be able to build a server system from components. 
Must be able to maintain production servers (firmware and hardware upgrades
and diagnosis/repair). 
In-depth knowledge of TCP/IP networking administration is required, as is
experience with Cisco switches and routers. 
In-depth knowledge of Linux systems is required (kernel source;
installation kickstart construction). 
Ability to diagnose and correct operating system level issues and to
perform kernel-level performance tuning, specifically with respect to
database performance and disk I/O. 
Expertise with UNIX storage management and backup systems. 
Knowledge of TCP/IP and security. 
Knowledge of email systems and spam-blocking. 

Desired skills:
In-depth experience with Solaris and BSDI. 
Experience administering Active Directory and Windows naming services. 
Experience administering Exchange 2000. 
Experience administering Windows security. 

URL for more information: http://www.cloudmark.com/

Contact information:
Omar Serang
Director of Operations
Cloudmark, Inc.
500 3rd St. Suite 265
San Francisco, CA 94107
omar@cloudmark.com


