Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1081
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 18761 invoked by uid 1016); 15 Sep 2003 21:23:50 -0000
Date: 15 Sep 2003 21:23:50 -0000
Message-ID: <20030915212350.18760.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Software Engineer, Applications Group (part onsite), United States, CA, San Francisco
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/967

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 15, 2003

Job title: Software Engineer, Applications Group

Company name: Addamark Technologies

Internal ID: APPS001

Location: United States, CA, San Francisco

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: some

Description:
As a Software Engineer in the Applications Group, you will help build the
next generation of applications utilizing the Addamark LMS. Expertise in
the areas of Perl, mod_perl, Apache and Unix are desirable. The ideal
candidate has solid design and coding skills, and a strong aptitude for
quickly learning new technologies. You will participate in all aspects of
software development projects, including design, schedule, development,
unit testing and documentation. We are looking for people with a track
record of strong contributions and the ability to aggressively drive
products forward.

Responsibilities: 
1.	Participate in a small engineering team through full design,
development and deployment cycle. 
2.	Help design, develop, unit test and document new and existing
applications. 
3.	Interface with product development to scope and define new
products. 


Required skills:
1.	5+ years of commercial software development experience, preferably
using Perl. 
2.	Previous experience working in small development teams. 
3.	Must have proven experience in Object Oriented Design and
Development. 
4.	Must have experience using HTML, JavaScript, CSS and SQL. 
5.	Excellent communication skills 
6.	Ability to work with minimal supervision in a fast-paced
environment. 
7.	Detail oriented, good organizational skills 
8.	Flexible, able to multi-task and change priorities rapidly 


Desired skills:
o	Experience with Linux and/or Solaris 
o	Experience with database technology 
o	Experience with large-volume data systems 
o	Experience with XML, SOAP, XMLRPC and related technologies 
o	Experience with Mason, mod_perl or related application server 


URL for more information: http://www.addamark.com/

Contact information:
Resumes to: jobs3@addamark.com
Principals only.  No recruiters.
Reply via email.  No phone calls please.



