Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1088
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 99109 invoked by uid 1016); 17 Sep 2003 19:53:25 -0000
Date: 17 Sep 2003 19:53:25 -0000
Message-ID: <20030917195325.99108.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Development Engineer, Automated Advertisting Team, Amazon.com (onsite), WA, Washington, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/974

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 17, 2003

Job title:
Web Development Engineer, Automated Advertisting Team, Amazon.com

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 03-008944

Location: WA, Washington, Seattle

Pay rate: open

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Amazon.com’s Automated Advertising team is building first-in-class
automated systems to manage a multi-million-dollar online advertising
budget. Our software automatically generates, targets, measures, and
optimizes millions of individual advertisements delivered across the Web
and around the world. We are now seeking a talented Web Developer to join
our team.


Required skills:
As a senior Web Developer on the Automated Advertising team you will work
with a world-class team of software engineers, program managers, and
designers to create dynamic, optimized HTML templates and web applications.
Projects will include both high-impact, high-visibility features on the
Amazon family of websites and cutting-edge applications for internal users.
Responsibilities include brainstorming, scoping, specifying, and
implementing new features, as well as providing real-time operational
support for the team’s functional areas. You will work with technologies
including HTML, CSS, OO Perl, SQL, and XML Web services.

Desired skills:
Proven ability to effectively explain technical options and limitations to
both technical and non-technical audiences is required. Successful
candidates will have Unix/Linux experience. An excellent working knowledge
of HTML, Cascading Style Sheets, JavaScript, and OO Perl is required, as
well as the desire to learn new technologies. Exposure to database design
and SQL is highly desired. Experience writing high-performance, reliable
code in C/C++ is a plus. A bachelor's degree in computer science (or
related area) is also required.

URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/jobs

Contact information:
Amazon.com offers competitive compensation packages including comprehensive
health care, stock, 401k, and a full relocation package for relocating
candidates. Please send your resume and cover letter to me,
centanni@amazon.com indicating job code number 03-008944 in the subject
line. In addition, please check out http://www.amazon.com/jobs to see the
full breadth of opportunities that we currently have available. 


