Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1091
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 30655 invoked by uid 1016); 18 Sep 2003 21:06:41 -0000
Date: 18 Sep 2003 21:06:41 -0000
Message-ID: <20030918210641.30654.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Senior Software Engineer (OO Perl, Apache, Oracle, Linux) (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/979

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 18, 2003

Job title:
Senior Software Engineer (OO Perl, Apache, Oracle, Linux)

Company name: CarDomain Network, Inc.

Internal ID: CDSRSOFT8

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
CARDOMAIN NETWORK
We are the leading online resource for car enthusiasts. Our operations
include the hosting of a thriving online community of car enthusiasts and
an online store retailing automotive accessories. CarDomain Network was
founded in 1998 and is a profitable, diverse, and rapidly growing company.
Our offices are located in downtown Seattle. We seek intelligent,
energetic, highly motivated people who want to be part of building a
leading consumer brand.

THE OPPORTUNITY
We are seeking an experienced Senior Software Engineer to assist in the
development of online applications for our web properties. The position
entails close interaction with both technical and business staff and
requires sensitivity to end-user business requirements.

SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE
- Technical design and implementation of secure, scalable, and
high-performance online systems and applications.
- Lead technical planning on assigned engineering initiatives.
- Successfully translate business requirements into technical
specifications and finished products/services.
- Assist in Quality Assurance as needed.
- Create and maintain high-quality documentation of all relevant
specifications, systems, and procedures.
- Provide mentoring and training for junior staff.

Required skills:
- BS or advanced degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or
related technical field.
- Excellent knowledge of OO Perl.
- 3+ years of experience in web site and software application development
in UNIX environment.
- Solid understanding of relational databases.
- Excellent knowledge of CVS.
- Extensive experience with the full software development life cycle.
- In-depth experience with Linux/UNIX and desire to work with Open Source
technology.
- Desire to work in fast-paced team environment.

Desired skills:
- Thorough knowledge of Apache and mod_perl.
- Proficiency in JavaScript and CSS.
- Experience with shell scripting.
- Interest in cars.


URL for more information: http://www.cardomain.net/jobs

Contact information:
jobs@cardomain.com 
CarDomain Network, Inc. 
1301 Fifth Ave, Suite 1601 
Seattle, WA 98101 
Tel: 206-926-2100 



