Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1095
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 63489 invoked by uid 1016); 19 Sep 2003 19:17:41 -0000
Date: 19 Sep 2003 19:17:41 -0000
Message-ID: <20030919191741.63488.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Solutions Engineer (onsite), United States, Washington, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/983

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 19, 2003

Job title: Web Solutions Engineer

Company name: UpSellUSA

Internal ID: 314

Location: United States, Washington, Seattle

Pay rate: US$40k-85k DOE or more

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Indefinite

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
THIS JOB WILL REQUIRE WORKING ON-SITE IN SEATTLE, WA, USA. THERE IS NO
TELECOMMUTING OR OFF-SITE OPTION. DON'T EVEN ASK. This job is an FTE
on-site dealing with every part of Web solution engineering. By that I mean
you'll be doing everything from building a new Web server hardware from
spare parts found around the office to tweeking mod_perl for improving
performance, and probably designing Web sites, playing around with
graphics, building database driven Web applications, etc., etc. You MUST
know Perl and/or PHP and be REALLY, REALLY GOOD AT IT/THEM! We use DBI,
MySQL, Apache, and various other similar tools like CGI::Application and
HTML::Template. (NOTE: We *will* be asking for code samples. Have something
prepared that's not totally aweful. We get impressed with nice formatting,
consistent naming standards, and liberal CPAN use. If you don't know what
CPAN is, you're not qualified, go away.)

Required skills:
-- Must be able to spell "Web" most of the time
-- Have an expert or better working knowledge of Perl, mod_perl,
HTML/XHTML, Linux administration (Debian preferably), Samba, DNS, Windows
domain control, Windows Active Directory, and how to make coffee
-- Actually qualify with the above skills, not just list them on your
resume
-- Must love coding in non-disturbing ways. If you do love coding in
disturbing ways but you still have a good resume and good qualifications,
then don’t sweat it too much, just don’t share your experiences at the
office
-- Good writting skils and gramar ussage
-- Good technical writing ability. Trust me, you’ll be doing this a lot.
You may even cry about it at night when no one can hear you.

Desired skills:
-- Have good working knowledge of JavaScript, XML, DHTML, CSS
-- Have an eye for graphic design (i.e. I can assign you stuff like "build
me a nice looking Web site for this client with good graphics and shading
and colors and stuff and things" and you won't freak out.
-- Willing to work hard, with or without the threat of beatings.
-- Can endure the horror of a fun working environment where shoes are
optional. Pants are still required at all times. And we don’t mean worn on
your head.
-- Ability to both have thoughts and organize them. There may be times when
the second one is more important than the first.
-- Can put up with teasing from posturing bosses and PMs who think they’re
running the show. Must be willing to hide the truth of how things really
run from them until the geek revolution begins.

URL for more information: http://www.upsellusa.com/

Contact information:
If you actually qualify for this position, please send cover letter,
resume, AND CODE SAMPLES AND URLs to job314@upsellusa.com. We will be
looking at code samples and URLs *BEFORE* looking at resumes. So if you
have poorly formatted samples or you just forget to send any samples,
you'll probably get > /dev/null in the first pass. ++ for candidates who
have CGI::Application, HTML::Template use and have functioning Web sites
where we can see your code in action.


