Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1098
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 38599 invoked by uid 1016); 22 Sep 2003 12:07:23 -0000
Date: 22 Sep 2003 12:07:23 -0000
Message-ID: <20030922120723.38598.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Information Systems Developer (onsite), Norway, Oslo, Oslo
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/986

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 22, 2003

Job title: Information Systems Developer

Company name: Opera Software ASA

Location: Norway, Oslo, Oslo

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
You'll be working in the Information Systems department at Opera Software
headquarters in Oslo, Norway, with people from all over the world, building
solutions for an expanding global internet browser company. 

You need to be able to focus on information and structure analysis before
implementation, and be able to deliver quality code. You also need to be
able to communicate well in English.

For more information about Opera, see http://www.opera.com/
For more details about the position, contact stephan+jobs@opera.com


Required skills:
Experience with enterprise Perl programming

Be able to understand and use RFC 2616

Must know how to optimize database performance using different database
engines

Must be able to analyze existing processes in light of introducing
automated systems

Desired skills:
Apache module programming with Perl and C

Good knowledge of Web standards

Good written English

Experience with communicating with users

Experience with user interface design on the Web

Ability to lead work groups

Design of software architectures

Contact information:
Write us with the following information included: 

A) Tell us about something you've done that you're proud of. Provide URL if
possible.

B) CV  

C) An answer to "What is your favorite database and why?", the Why part
being the important one, not which database you choose. You may specify a
scenario in which you would choose a specific database engine, if you're
database agnostic.

D) An answer to "Why should Opera choose you?"

E) Code converting a string from ISO-8859-1 to UTF-8

F) What is your initial reaction as to a what you would do if asked for "A
dynamic, ad-driven CMS" (be honest)?

Depending on your answer to these questions, we may get back to you.

Write us at stephan+jobs@opera.com


