Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1105
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 1775 invoked by uid 1016); 29 Sep 2003 15:45:04 -0000
Date: 29 Sep 2003 15:45:04 -0000
Message-ID: <20030929154504.1774.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: CGI / DBI / Linux developer required for ISP management package (telecommute), Australia, NSW, Sydney
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/992

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 29, 2003

Job title:
CGI / DBI / Linux developer required for ISP management package

Company name: Warpspeed Networks

Internal ID: perl2909

Location: Australia, NSW, Sydney

Pay rate: to be discussed

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: until project is completed

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
We are a start up ISP based in Australia and looking to hire a perl
developer to assist in the creation of our customer management and billing
software.  We have done some investigation in to the products currently out
there and have a good idea of our requirements, however none of the
currently available packages match our requirements.

Ideally you would have had experience working with ISPs before, and have a
good background in web development and Linux as our server platform runs on
Gentoo.

We do have html and graphic designers on staff, you will mainly be required
to develop the perl code, databases and templates.

We also plan on adding web development to our services, and there may be
continuing work beyond this project, should a good working relationship be
fored.



Required skills:
You will require Linux, CGI, MySQL and TemplateToolkit

Desired skills:
It would be good if you can script in PHP4 and have some experience with C.

Contact information:
Please forward your application to my private address at
warpcore@iprimus.com.au.  Resumes in ASCII text or html are prefered.

If you could also please include a rough hourly rate and either a phone
number or Yahoo / MSN messenger information, that would be helpful.



