Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1121
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 25101 invoked by uid 1016); 8 Oct 2003 23:15:13 -0000
Date: 8 Oct 2003 23:15:13 -0000
Message-ID: <20031008231513.25100.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Data Analytics Engineer for Leading Investment Firm (onsite), United States, CA, San Francisco
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/1008

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  8, 2003

Job title:
Data Analytics Engineer for Leading Investment Firm

Company name: Barclays Global Investors

Internal ID: EB-011286

Location: United States, CA, San Francisco

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Barclays Global Investors (BGI) is one of the world’s largest institutional
investment management firms with almost $900 billion in assets under
management.  We utilize a quantitative approach to select stocks to capture
market inefficiencies in risk-controlled portfolios in order to earn
above-benchmark returns for our clients. Due to our tremendous success, we
offer an excellent opportunity to join our data analytics team and work
with cutting edge investment technology.
In this position, you will support the gathering and preparation of large
amounts of market and financial data for use in the active investment
process and provide production quality systems support. You will partner
with our internal researchers and portfolio managers and provide support to
the alpha-generation investment process. 

Required skills:
The ideal candidate would be energetic, a quick learner, motivated, and
have a keen interest in finance and technology. In addition, he or she must
be comfortable interacting and forming relationships with members of other
BGI groups, as there will be significant interaction with portfolio
managers, researchers and other technology teams on a regular basis.
Qualifications for this position are:
BS in related field
Minimum 3 yrs. experience of Perl on Unix platform required
Minimum 3 years experience supporting and/or developing production quality
systems
Experience with XML for data transfer required
Knowledge of SQL and SAS desirable
Knowledge of IBM MQ series a plus
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Experience or interest in financial markets
Excellent communication skills

URL for more information: http://www.barclaysglobal.com/

Contact information:
For consideration, please email resume to: 
bgi.recruiter2@barclaysglobal.com

Please visit us at www.barclaysglobal.com for more company information,
including our outstanding benefits package.


