Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1122
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 34639 invoked by uid 1016); 9 Oct 2003 19:49:05 -0000
Date: 9 Oct 2003 19:49:05 -0000
Message-ID: <20031009194905.34638.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Sr. Web Developement Engineer, United States, CA, Redwood City
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/1009

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  9, 2003

Job title: Sr. Web Developement Engineer

Company name: Globalware Solutions

Location: United States, CA, Redwood City

Pay rate: Market

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Full time

Hours: Full time

Description:
GlobalWare Solution’s PowerCommerce team designs, builds, and hosts
eCommerce solutions for clients on an outsource basis.	We are in need of a
Senior Web Development Engineer to join our talented team.  This position
is available immediately, and will be a 1-3 month contract-to-perm
position.

The Senior Web Development Engineer position within GlobalWare Solutions’
PowerCommerce team is a unique position.  Our development philosophy
combines the rapid development processes of a start-up with those of a more
traditional software development team.	    PowerCommerce is built with an
extended set of HTML tags, dynamically driven using a Perl/mod_perl backend
system, accessing a SQL database.  This position requires a strong
background in SQL and programming experience, preferably in Perl.

The ideal candidate will be an experienced, seasoned engineer, with skills
that match up effectively with the following areas:


Domain Knowledge:

Our Web Development Engineers are key to delivering a quality product that
meets the client’s needs.   The ideal candidate will have real world
experience with 24x7, industrial strength eCommerce websites.  Familiarity
with shopping carts, cookies, credit card processing, software licensing,
electronic software downloads (ESD), and electronic licensing is a plus.


Communication skills:

Effective verbal and written communication skills are a must. The ability
to articulate design concepts to a variety of audiences including software
engineers, management, sales people, and of course clients.  Documentation
is also an integral part of our development methodology.   Web Development
Engineers must be able to write unit test plans based on technical
specifications.  


Technical skills:
·	Past experiences with systems that create dynamic web pages using
an environment like Perl/mod_perl, JSP, ASP, and ColdFusion or similar,
accessing a SQL database on the back end is vital.    
·	Specific Perl experience should include: OOA/OOD leading to
mod_perl implementations, focus on performance techniques, and use of
common CPAN modules.
·	Strong SQL skills should include:  optimization techniques, use of
SQL Tools such as SQL+.
·	Much of our file transfer technology is based on XML/SOAP.  Working
knowledge of XML constructs, including DTD definition and XSLT validation
would be very valuable.  
·	We have extended the HTML tag set to support rapid deployment of
customized web interfaces.  Knowledge of HTML required, XHTML, CSS, and
JavaScript would be helpful.  
·	Working knowledge of networking technologies, including security
and encryption on the Internet, and basic networking concepts. 
·	Hands on experience with Apache web servers is also a plus.  
·	Knowledge of and Productivity with Solaris development environment
is desirable.  
·	A B.S./M.S. in Computer Science or related major, with 5+ years
experience in Software Development rounds out our ideal benchmark for this
position.

Misc. Skills:

The ideal candidate will posses the intangible skills as well.	They will
have precise attention to detail; they will have the ability to multitask,
prioritize, show initiative and respond quickly in a fast-paced
environment; they will troubleshoot where required, reporting needed
procedural changes where needed; they will have that can-do attitude that
comes with a start-up mentality.  Additionally, experience with
Internationalization and Localization efforts, especially with multi-byte
languages, would be valued highly.



URL for more information: http://www.globalwaresolutions.com/

Contact information:
Dena McHenry
dmchenry@gwsmail.com


