Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1123
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 64421 invoked by uid 1016); 10 Oct 2003 15:31:31 -0000
Date: 10 Oct 2003 15:31:31 -0000
Message-ID: <20031010153131.64420.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Lead website developer (onsite), The Netherlands, Amsterdam
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/1011

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October 10, 2003

Job title: Lead website developer

Company name: BOOKINGS on-line hotel reservations

Location: The Netherlands, Amsterdam

Pay rate: depending on experience

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
BOOKINGS is a leading company in Europe for online hotel reservations.

We serve both business and consumer travellers, hotels and affiliate
partners from offices in Amsterdam, Barcelona, Berlin, Paris, Pisa,
Singapore and Santiago de Chile.

Since 1996, we offer online hotel reservations for more than 8,000 hotels
in over 85 countries. We provide an extensive and unique hotel coverage,
real-time room availability, negotiated room rates and direct confirmation
of the reservation.

THE TEAM
Our team of 90 professionals from hotel, internet, finance and high
technology businesses have built a company that provides online hotel
reservations in the best possible way. 

Our customer service team gives dedicated services to all our customers in
Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Spanish or Portuguese.

The head office is based in Amsterdam and can be characterized as young,
international, professional and informal.

THE JOB OFFER

Lead website developer

In this very independent position you are responsible for the development
of new web based systems and the maintenance thereof. You are an
unrestricted communicator and have a pragmatic attitude. 



Required skills:
University level; preferably Math or IT;
At least 4 years of experience in a similar position;
Wide demonstrable experience with development of websites with Perl /
mod_perl;
Wide demonstrable experience with Object Oriented programming (preferably
Perl);
Experience with relational databases (preferably MySQL);
Expert in data modelling;
Experience with Linux and Apache;
Pragmatic attitude;
Independent en pro-active work attitude;
Excellent communicative skills.

Desired skills:
We offer you excellent conditions of employment and possibilities for
further career growth within our fast growing company.

URL for more information: http://www.bookings.org/

Contact information:
Are you interested? Send an email to Mariska Hekkers, mariska@bookings.nl
or give her a call on +31 (0)20 712 5670.


