Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:11232
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 26369 invoked from network); 15 Apr 2011 22:06:31 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 15 Apr 2011 22:06:31 -0000
Received: (qmail 5433 invoked by uid 225); 15 Apr 2011 22:06:31 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 5427 invoked by alias); 15 Apr 2011 22:06:31 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-5.0 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Fri, 15 Apr 2011 15:06:26 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id DA6CA2AFE2; Fri, 15 Apr 2011 15:06:22 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Date: Fri, 15 Apr 2011 15:06:22 -0700
Message-ID: <20110415220622.DA6CA2AFE2@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Sr. Software Engineer (part onsite), United States, MA, Boston
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/14058

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April 15, 2011

Job title: Sr. Software Engineer

Company name: NetSuite

Internal ID: 2707

Location: United States, MA, Boston

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: some

Description:
Evolve often minimally-defined client business requirements into
professional quality NetSuite OpenAir solutions which satisfy not only that
client, but have the flexibility and customizability to be used by clients
with differing business processes and needs.  These solutions may require
the conceptualization, design and implementation of a full-blown NetSuite
OpenAir Module, they may require evolving the system with architectural
extensions or they may dictate a minimal tweak to existing functionality. 

Fully scope out the impact of an implementation by considering all of the
necessary changes and any impact they may have on other parts of the
product.

Work in the NetSuite OpenAir development environment which is defined by
ASP deployment, a rapid release cycle and based on the “Extreme
Programming” software development discipline combined with the NetSuite
OpenAir operating principle of customer service orientation.  This
environment mandates that bug fixes impacting clients take precedence over
both quick on-demand enhancements and longer term “planned” development
initiatives.   It also means that quick on-demand enhancements often take
precedence over previously planned initiatives. The rapid release cycle
insures that features that are pushed out past a release date because of
this operating principle can be addressed in either the next scheduled
release or slip-streamed in the interim.  This environment insures that we
have a high level of confidence in setting client expectations.

Responsibilities:

•	Act as a technical lead on a variety of projects to drive
requirements all the way through to implementation. Work closely with key
stakeholders both internally and externally as needed to deliver solutions
in a timely manner.
•	Work closely with management to identify issues, and solutions
proactively.
•	Educate peers and staff with regards to the application as well as
new technologies that may help drive the product forward or promote
efficiencies
•	Stay abreast of new technologies and trends that may impact the
product or company and share these with your peers.
•	Assist management in cross training existing and new staff so that
we can expand the engineering department and provide growth opportunities
for all engineering staff. 
•	Design and develop technical high quality solutions that promote
code. 
•	Work closely with other members of the NetSuite OpenAir engineering
team to look for opportunities to tune the NetSuite OpenAir architecture,
product, and infrastructure to further increase system reliability and
performance.
•	Work with large enterprise clients and their technical staff to
isolate, diagnose, and resolve performance issues specific to their use of
this business workflow product.
•	Work in the NetSuite OpenAir development environment which is
defined by ASP deployment, a rapid release cycle and based on the “Extreme
Programming” software development discipline combined with the NS OA
operating principle of customer service orientation.
•	Fully scope out the impact of an implementation by considering all
of the necessary changes and any impact they may have on other parts of the
product.


Required skills:
•	Leading/Supporting Change Guides peers and staff through changes in
the business organization; sustains people’s confidence by keeping them
informed and develops strategies for dealing with resistance to change.
•	Researches new technologies that can be leveraged for improvements
to the application or towards improvements in efficiencies
•	Accountability Structures work to maximize efficiency and harmony
of operation for achieving end result.
•	Holds self and others to high standards of quality by taking steps
to ensure all projects and tasks are completed on schedule with limited
post deployment support issues.
•	Communication Demonstrates effectiveness when communicating orally
and in writing.
•	Handles issues in professional manner.
•	Takes time to develop others by providing guidance and supportive
feedback. Provides appropriate tools, and direction to peers when in a
mentoring role
•	Critical thinking, takes a logical approach to analyzing problems,
developing solutions, and organizing work. Exercises sound judgment
•	Work at a high level of productivity with minimal management
oversight
•	Provide end to end software solutions with minimal QA support.
•	Always prioritize Production Support as the highest priority.
•	Make decisions and design solutions that are primarily focused
towards benefiting the needs of the many rather than those needs of the
few.
•	Make decisions based on the guiding principal that it is the
customer experience that is the core of our business and success.
•	Have the courage to take calculated risks that benefit the company.
Review these risks whenever possible with peers and management to ensure as
many factors are taken into consideration prior to acting upon these risks.

•	Provide the experience and leadership to challenge everyone so that
solutions will continue to pay dividends long after initial release.  


Website for more information: http://www.netsuite.com/

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/14058#contact
