Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1138
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 73278 invoked by uid 1016); 21 Oct 2003 18:41:26 -0000
Date: 21 Oct 2003 18:41:26 -0000
Message-ID: <20031021184126.73277.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Senior Software Engineer/Technical Lead -- ActionScript, Perl, PHP (SF East Bay) (onsite), United States, CA, San Ramon
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/1029

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October 21, 2003

Job title:
Senior Software Engineer/Technical Lead -- ActionScript, Perl, PHP (SF East
Bay)

Company name: Internet Pictures Corporation (iPIX)

Internal ID: Tech Lead

Location: United States, CA, San Ramon

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Internet Pictures Corporation (iPIX) is the leader in mission-critical
imaging and a world-class imaging solutions company powered by an
unbeatable end-to-end infrastructure. iPIX products and services encompass
many types of rich media content, including still images, 360-degree by
360-degree immersive images, video, animation, text and audio. Our
end-to-end solutions include capture, processing, management and
distribution of digital imaging and the associated data to make images
meaningful to thousands of Internet sites and millions of Internet enabled
wired and wireless devices. A broad array of industries, including
classifieds, real estate, online auctions, automotive, travel, publishing
and entertainment, are capitalizing on iPIX  technology to drive commerce
and improve business.

We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer/Tech Lead for our Development
team.

SUMMARY
As a Senior Software Engineer/Technical Lead, you will help build the next
generation of the Rimfire media server, Rimfire web applications and client
controls.  Expertise in the areas of OOP, Perl, Apache, JavaScript, and
Flash are desirable. Above all, the candidate must be adaptable (you should
be as comfortable working on the front-end user interface code as you are
working on the backend server processing) and have a strong aptitude for
quickly learning new technologies.  We are looking for a solid leader and
team player capable of both leading a software development project and
making key contributions at the product design and implementation levels.

RESPONSIBILITIES
• Participate in a small engineering team through full design, development
and deployment cycle.
• Help design, develop and document key components of new and enhanced
products.
• Participate in design brainstorming sessions, design reviews and bug
triage meetings.
• Develop, unit test and debug key components of new and enhanced products.

• Work with Quality Assurance to debug and fix code based on bug reports
and triage meetings.
• Keep all code and documentation updated in a revision control system.

Required skills:
	QUALIFICATIONS
	Education:
•	B.S. Computer Science
	
	Experience:
•	5+ years of commercial software development experience in scalable
web-based systems 
•	Previous experience working in small development teams
•	Must have proven experience in Object Oriented Design and
Development 
Must have expertise in at least two of the following areas:
• Perl/PHP and Apache
• Flash MX, ActionScript, and Flash/XML communications
• JavaScript, DHTML, and CSS


Desired skills:
Expertise in the following areas is highly desirable:
• Experience with Linux and/or UNIX 
• Experience with COM, ActiveX, ATL 
• Experience with C++ and Visual Studio
• Experience with SQL, Oracle, ODBC, JDBC
• Experience with XML, SOAP, XSLT
• Experience with image processing or color management

Personal:
• Excellent communication skills
• Ability to work with minimal supervision
• Self-motivated and proactive
• Strong dedication to quality required
• Team player, ability to interact with all types of personalities
• Detail oriented, good organizational skills
• Must be dependable and able to function in a fast paced environment
• Flexible, able to multi-task and change priorities rapidly


URL for more information: http://www.ipix.com/

Contact information:
Don't wait, apply TODAY for an exciting new job in a fun company located in
the East Bay.  E-mail your resume to:  hrsanramon@ipix.com

For more information about iPIX, please visit our website at www.ipix.com

iPIX is an equal employment/affirmative action employer - M/F/D/V - EOE



