Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1146
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 53208 invoked by uid 1016); 24 Oct 2003 00:04:54 -0000
Date: 24 Oct 2003 00:04:54 -0000
Message-ID: <20031024000454.53207.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Intermediate/Senior Perl Developer (onsite), California, Los Angeles
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/1036

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October 23, 2003

Job title: Intermediate/Senior Perl Developer

Company name: DTI Services, Inc.

Internal ID: DTI-32

Location: California, Los Angeles

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
DTI is a premier developer of Internet solutions. We specialize in Video
Chat, Rich Media and eCommerce systems utilizing cutting-edge technology
and advanced development techniques. Our primary business targets are the
Japanese and other Asian markets. DTI was founded in 1996 and is
headquartered in downtown Los Angeles. We have quickly grown to become the
technology leader in our niche. We are large enough to provide a stable
work environment, yet small enough to present many opportunities for growth
and advancement. We offer a profit-sharing program for eligible long-term
employees.

We do not deal with any third party agencies. Consideration will only be
given to candidates in the local (Los Angeles) area that can work legally
in the United States.

Job Description:

The front end Perl developer will be developing with a team of Perl
developers in a Linux environment. You will be developing new features and
maintaining current systems using Perl, SQL, stored procedures under
PostgreSQL, Template::Toolkit, and Oracle. Candidates will be responsible
for optimizing systems for stability, scalability and efficiency.
Candidates will responsible for designing and optimizing database schema,
queries and stored procedures. Locate and fix bugs in the existing code
base in a timely manner. Candidate will provide technical assistance by
responding to inquires from users regarding errors, problems or questions
about programs. Consult with users to design code reports/programs to meet
their requirements.

Required skills:
Required Skills:

- Must have 2 to 4+ years with Perl and RDMS experience utilizing SQL.
- Must have experience working with a RDMS using DBI.
- Should have experience with multiple storage techniques (flat files, DB
Berkeley, etc.).
- Must have HTML, DHTML, JavaScript and web development experience.

Required Project Skills:

- Experience with testing
- Experience with configuration management
- Experience with version control
- Working knowledge of estimating
- Proficiency in project planning
- Proficiency in development methodologies


Desired skills:
- 4+ years of Perl in a Linux environment
- 2 to 4 years working with databases including complex joins, updates, and
inserts
- PostgreSQL, mySQL and Oracle database experience
- PL/pgSQL experience
- FastCGI or mod_perl experience
- Template::Toolkit experience
- Object Oriented Perl development
- Writing CGI's using Zeus and Apache as a webserver

Contact information:
Questions:

Please answer the following questions in your cover letter along with your
resume and references.

1.How many years have you been working with web technology?
2.What city, state do you live in?
3.When will you be available?
4.Are you multi-lingual? If so, what languages?


Attn: HR Dept.
Fax: (213)622-6050
email: job-developer@dtiserv2.com


