Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:11469
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 8920 invoked from network); 12 Jul 2011 07:14:29 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 12 Jul 2011 07:14:29 -0000
Received: (qmail 4363 invoked by uid 225); 12 Jul 2011 07:14:29 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 4359 invoked by alias); 12 Jul 2011 07:14:28 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-4.8 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SARE_RMML_Stock19,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Tue, 12 Jul 2011 00:14:26 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 1E5EE2AFD6; Tue, 12 Jul 2011 00:14:23 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Date: Tue, 12 Jul 2011 00:14:23 -0700
Message-ID: <20110712071423.1E5EE2AFD6@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Senior Quality Assurance Engineer, United States, Ca, Hollywood
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/14468

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July 11, 2011

Job title: Senior Quality Assurance Engineer

Company name: Live Nation Entertainment / Ticketmaster

Location: United States, Ca, Hollywood

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Description:
Who are we?
Live Nation Entertainment is the world’s leading live entertainment and
eCommerce company, comprised of four market leaders: Ticketmaster.com, Live
Nation Concerts, Front Line Management Group and Live Nation Network. 
Ticketmaster.com is the global event ticketing leader and one of the
world’s top five eCommerce sites, with over 26 million monthly unique
visitors.  Live Nation Concerts produces over 20,000 shows annually for
more than 2,000 artists globally.  Front Line is the world’s top artist
management company, representing over 250 artists.  These businesses power
Live Nation Network, the leading provider of entertainment marketing
solutions, enabling over 800 advertisers to tap into the 200 million
consumers Live Nation delivers annually through its live event and digital
platforms. For additional information, visit www.livenation.com/investors.

Who are you?
Passionate and motivated.  Driven, with an entrepreneurial spirit. 
Resourceful, innovative, forward thinking and committed. At Live Nation
Entertainment, our people embrace these qualities, so if this sounds like
you then please read on!  

The Role:
Live Nation Entertainment is looking for a Senior QA Engineer  who can
thrive in this intellectually challenging environment. We are seeking
candidates who are proactive, self-starters, and have a proven track record
to work independently with minimal supervision and collaboratively with a
team as required.

We are building world-class products to help our clients serve their
customers better. We are looking for additional innovative solutions which
will contribute towards these next generation initiatives. This includes
development for a core set of next generation of applications while
creatively pushing the envelope using cutting edge technologies. The
candidate will participate in specification and design reviews, work
closely with product & other non-technical staff, write test plans/cases,
create automated test, perform heads down testing, work with developers and
technical operations to isolate and solve problems, and create necessary
documentation.

Above all else, candidates must have the proven ability to be
problem-solvers.  If you are a passionate technologist who can get a lot
done while having fun, come join a team of like-minded, skilled
professionals where you can learn and share your knowledge!

Qualifications:
•	5 - 7 years hands on QA/Testing Experience 
•	2 - 3 years test automation experience
•	Excellent written and oral communication skills
•	Excellent critical thinking and problem solving abilities


Required skills:
Requirements:

Test Definition:
•	Plan, write, and execute test plans
•	Write, maintain, and verify test cases
•	Develop test matrixes, identify test data and use case requirements

•	Proven experience writing test plans and test cases
•	Experience analyzing the needs of internal/external clients

Test Execution:
•	Black Box/Grey Box Testing: Including testing against large-scale
database systems.
•	Proven experience with black box/gray box testing
•	Extensive experience testing web applications
•	Extensive experience writing SQL queries to identify and verify
data used by code.  
•	Must be comfortable with relational database technology, concepts
and tools
•	Must be able to work in an environment with short development and
release cycles

Bug Tracking:
•	Experience using a bug tracking tool (e.g., Bugzilla, Jira), and
associated processes
•	Responsible for identifying, logging, tracking and escalating bugs 

•	Verifying bug fixes, through regression testing
•	Updating & maintaining related QA documentation
•	Ability to write concise bug reports.

Automation:
•	Experience with programming/scripting language(s) (e.g., Perl, UNIX
shell)
•	Experience with setting up and maintaining an automated testing
environment
•	Experience using automation test tools (Selenium, Watir, QTP)

Mentoring:
•	Provide guidance to more junior team members in developing testing
& technical skills.  
•	Provide guidance on establishing & maintaining a library of
automated tests.
•	Document all stages of the QA process and work with QA
Leads/Director to define & improve best practices in QA.

Server Knowledge:
•	Experience with basic server administration, including server
starts/stops
•	Experience with basic modifications to web server config files
•	Experience with Apache on Linux


Desired skills:
Preferred:
•	Experience testing applications developed using Open Source
Technologies in a large scale transaction environment (Linux, Apache, Perl,
MySQL – LAMP)
•	Experience using test case management tools (e.g., Testlink, Test
Director)
•	Prior experience with open-source test automation tools (e.g.
Selenium)
•	Experience with Linux/Unix Environments 
•	Experience with MySQL and Oracle.
•	Experience with Configuration Management (i.e., SVN)
•	Experience with Release Management process/methodology.


Website for more information: http://www.livenation.com/careers/index.html

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/14468#contact
