Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1147
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 53287 invoked by uid 1016); 24 Oct 2003 00:05:01 -0000
Date: 24 Oct 2003 00:05:01 -0000
Message-ID: <20031024000501.53286.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Intermediate/Senior Systems Programmer (onsite), California, Los Angeles
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/1037

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October 23, 2003

Job title: Intermediate/Senior Systems Programmer

Company name: DTI Services, Inc.

Location: California, Los Angeles

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
 DTI is a premier developer of Internet solutions. We specialize in Video
Chat, Rich Media and eCommerce systems utilizing cutting-edge technology
and advanced development techniques. Our primary business targets are the
Japanese and other Asian markets. DTI was founded in 1996 and is
headquartered in downtown Los Angeles. We have quickly grown to become the
technology leader in our niche. We are large enough to provide a stable
work environment, yet small enough to present many opportunities for growth
and advancement. We offer a profit-sharing program for eligible long-term
employees.

We do not deal with any third party agencies. Consideration will only be
given to candidates in the local (Los Angeles) area that can work legally
in the United States.

Job Description:

Candidates will be responsible for programming high volume mission critical
applications using either C, perl, or both. You will be developing new
features or optimizing existing applications for stability, security, and
scalability. You will be asked to provide assistance to user inquires for
your projects in clear and often times non-technical terms. Projects will
be both solo and part of a team.

Please submit code samples with resume.

Required skills:
Required Skills:

- 4+ years programming in C or perl in a Linux environment
- PostgreSQL or MySQL experience
- TCP/IP and UDP socket programming experience
- RedHat Linux experience

Required Project Skills:

- Experience with testing
- Experience with configuration management
- Experience with version control
- Working knowledge of estimating
- Proficiency in project planning
- Proficiency in development methodologies

Desired skills:
- Perl XS experience
- mod_perl experience
- SNMP experience
- Japanese language skills

Contact information:
Please answer the following questions in your cover letter along with your
resume and references.

1.How many years have you been working with web technology?
2.What city, state do you live in?
3.When will you be available?
4.Are you multi-lingual? If so, what languages?


Please send your information to:

Attn: HR Dept.
Fax: (213)622-6050
email: job-developer@dtiserv2.com


