Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1152
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 40886 invoked by uid 1016); 28 Oct 2003 22:17:53 -0000
Date: 28 Oct 2003 22:17:53 -0000
Message-ID: <20031028221753.40885.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Software Systems Engineer (onsite), United States, Arizona, Flagstaff
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/1043

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October 28, 2003

Job title: Software Systems Engineer

Company name: Internet Software Designs, Inc.

Location: United States, Arizona, Flagstaff

Pay rate: $15/hr. US Currency

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Hourly employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
ISD has developed software using Perl for loading, exporting and
maintaining the data. Must have Perl programming experience on a Unix
platform to maintain and improve the data and software. Will also provide
technical support to application developers and administrators of
applications that use or provide the data.

Example of Duties:

§	Assists with the documentation of existing software.
§	Coordinates maintenance and developmental projects for ISD and
related software to include system software fixes and upgrades. 
§	Devleops and maintains software for populating, exporting and
maintaining data. Software for this is written in Perl 5. 
§	Provides technical support for application developers about the
data and the proper methods for accessing and using that data. 
§	Provides technical support, coordination and troubleshooting.
§	Coordinates with computer users to provide information about system
capabilities and to recommend changes in procedures or other solutions to
improve efficiency and resolve problems. 
§	Coordinates between personnel using the computer systems and vendor
support personnel.
§	Provides technical assistance and training to all appropriate
computer personnel on hardware/software features associated with the
computer installation, operation and maintenance.
§	Coordinates with administrative and technical personnel concerning
installation and implementation of operating systems and related software. 

§	Performs research on specific technical software and related
questions from management, programming, operating and systems personnel as
required. 
§	Ensures the security and integrity of all systems and data. 


Required skills:
§	Knowledge of the theory, principles and practices of systems and
application programming.
§	Knowledge of the principles, practices and capabilities of software
and operating systems currently available. 
§	Experience programming with Perl in a Unix environment required. 
§	Experience with Linux or other versions of Unix preferred. 
§	Ability to effectively communicate. 
§	Experience with Java, C, C++ in a Unix or Win32 environment is
desirable. 
§	Experience in relational database applications programming using
SQL is desirable. 
§	Knowledge of computer and network security issues in a TCP/IP and
MS-Windows environment is desirable. 
§	Experience providing technical support to application developers
and other customers is desirable. 
§	Experience resolving software problems with vendor technical
support services is desirable.


URL for more information: http://www.internetsoftwaredesigns.com/

Contact information:
Christine Mayer
Project Manager
(928) 779-2749 or 888-737-6625 (toll free)
Email:	cmayer@internetsoftwaredesigns.com


