Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:116
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 35143 invoked by uid 1016); 11 Jul 2001 23:37:48 -0000
Date: 11 Jul 2001 23:37:48 -0000
Message-ID: <20010711233748.35142.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl Developers for Revolutionary Datawarehousing Company (onsite), United States, FL, Boca Raton
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/47

Posted: July 11, 2001

Job title:
Perl Developers for Revolutionary Datawarehousing Company

Company name: Seisint, Inc.

Internal ID: PerlOrg

Location: United States, FL, Boca Raton

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Perm

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Relocation assistance provided
H1B TRANSFERS available

Seisint is the world's foremost global information management and
technology company. We provide organizations with platforms that enable
them to unleash the power of massive data stores. That power transforms the
very way in which organizations do business. They can disrupt the
competitive playing field with groundbreaking speed, scale, and
flexibility. What does that mean for our clients' business? Revenue growth.
Cost-effectiveness. Competitive advantage. Breakthrough business
performance. We call it Seismic Intelligence. You can call it Seisint.

At Seisint, our people are our best asset. We're passionate about what we
do. We are a company that prides itself on solving the world's toughest
business problems in real-time. Helping our customers make quantum leaps in
performance energizes our people.

At Seisint, we know we're part of something special. We're looking for
individuals with initiative, integrity and intelligence to join our
exciting team. We seek candidates who demonstrate the independence to
identify their own path within the organization, yet have the ability to
contribute within a team environment.

At Seisint, we provide our employees top of the line salaries, a full
benefits plan for employees and their eligible dependents, free catered
lunches daily, a state-of-the-art work facility, and the icing on the cake
- generous ground floor stock options!



Required skills:
We are currently interviewing Perl candidates to join our team developing
world-class, web based applications on Linux/Unix.

Requirements:

Superior programming, design, and systems analysis skills

Perl 5 development experience 

Unix

Apache

Java

javascript

HTML

SQL (Sybase and MySQL) 

FastCGI/ModPerl

Object-oriented Design/Programming (OOD/OOP)

High-volume website management




 



Desired skills:
Pluses include: C/C++, WML, HDML, XML, strong database skills

URL for more information: http://www.seisint.com/

Contact information:
Bridget O'Connor
Director of Recruiting
Seisint, Inc.
561-999-4432


