Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:11680
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 8742 invoked from network); 14 Sep 2011 06:00:31 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 14 Sep 2011 06:00:31 -0000
Received: (qmail 5037 invoked by uid 225); 14 Sep 2011 06:00:31 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 5033 invoked by alias); 14 Sep 2011 06:00:31 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-3.9 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_PASS,TVD_DOLLARS_US
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Tue, 13 Sep 2011 23:00:28 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 3870C2AFDF; Tue, 13 Sep 2011 23:00:25 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Date: Tue, 13 Sep 2011 23:00:25 -0700
Message-ID: <20110914060025.3870C2AFDF@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Sr Software Engineer (onsite), Dallas, TX USA
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/14838

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 13, 2011

Job title: Sr Software Engineer

Company name: The Brown Group, LLC

Location: Dallas, TX USA

Pay rate: 90,000USD

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The end client is a telecom company near downtown Dallas.  They provide a
generous benefits package which includes a generous profit sharing
plan(approx 20%) and company paid health insurance for the employee and
dependents.  The client has some flexibility with regard to work hours and
telecommuting.

This Senior Software Engineer will handle the full life-cycle development
of corporate information systems, and may be required to learn and maintain
automated equipment polling systems, back-end integration pathways with
customers and vendors, and other systems-related challenges as they arise.

Essential Job Functions, Duties and Responsibilities

    This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential
functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be
assigned.
    
    Meet with internal customers and/or senior developers to identify their
information systems needs and requirements.
    Implement solutions that fit with the client’s overall technology
policy, infrastructure, and company guidelines. This may require working
with specifications from management, senior engineers or self-designed
solutions.
    Efficiently and accurately implement the designed solution, and work
with senior engineers and the customer to verify that it meets design
requirements.
    Successfully test the solution to insure no negative impact to existing
functionality.
    Work with senior engineers to implement the solution.
    Work with the customer to identify issues, deficiencies, or further
needs and respond in a timely and professional manner.
    Implement systems in a manner that reasonably balances the company’s
needs:

	Elegant, maintainable code
	Development speed
	System performance
	Fulfillment of customer objectives

    Follow existing technology and code standards, and assist in the
development of new standards as required.
    Perform substantial self-testing of developed code to ensure maximum
initial quality and minimal negative impact of deployed system
enhancements.

    Document code in a reasonable and appropriate manner to assist other
programmers who may later need to quickly understand said code.
    Read, understand, and apply complex technical specifications related to
published telecom standards or other technology integration standards.
    Adapt to new technology quickly and have a range of existing technical
knowledge.
    Manage customers, both internal and external, to deliver maximum
satisfaction for a given level of resources.
    Provide general administrative support to the organization as required.

    Other responsibilities such as may arise and be assigned by the
management team.
    Perform all of these duties with minimal oversight.
    This position may require extended hours or weekend work to meet
project deadlines.

Required skills:
Ability to identify problems and solve them quickly and completely.
    Thorough grounding in computer science principles, for example:
	Estimation of the order of magnitude of searching and sorting
routines
	Understanding of dynamic list, tree, and graph data structures
	Knowledge of underlying computer architecture issues
	Ability to create multi-threaded logic without deadlocks or
resource stalls
	Development of efficient algorithms to approach difficult problems
    Have a positive attitude and react flexibly and favorably to changes
and challenges.
    Possess good communication skills and provide excellent customer
service.
    Effectively translate between customer’s plain-English needs and
detailed technological plans of action (and back, to validate that the plan
meets the customer’s needs).
    Ability to effectively multi-task and maintain a reasonable “stack” of
tasks as interrupts and emergencies arise.
    Ability to train users in the proper use of systems created by you or
the department.
    Ability to learn new programming languages, design paradigms, and
database architectures quickly and accurately.
    Possess basic to advanced knowledge of: computer logic, programming
languages, workflow models, software design, data structures, operating
systems, development tools, and standard user-level computer tools (word
processing, spreadsheets, etc).
    Be comfortable working with live, critical software systems, and be
able to operate on those systems without disruption to the user community.
    Have a flexible attitude towards specific operating systems,
programming languages, web browsers, and other tools.  (We have a blended
IT environment, with users on Mac, Windows, and UNIX systems.)
    5-7+ years of full-time professional experience with full-lifecycle
software engineering (requirements gathering, analysis, architecture and
design, implementation, testing, deployment, maintenance).
    Substantial RDBMS experience including database architecture,
normalization, optimization, complex queries and use of stored procedures
and triggers.
    Extensive Web, client-server, and back-end (automated/daemon)
programming experience.
    Experience programming on UNIX-like systems using vi or other
server-side editors.
    Experience using the technologies the client's systems are currently
utilizing including: MySQL, Apache 2.x, FreeBSD/LINUX, Perl, HTML 4.01, CSS
1 & 2, GD, XML, over HTTP (SOAP), Oracle, awk, CORBA ,Java
    The core required skills are Perl and MySQL.  
    Some telecom experience is preferred, but not required

Website for more information: http://www.browngroupllc.com/

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/14838#contact
