Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:11894
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 15788 invoked from network); 24 Nov 2011 08:15:08 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 24 Nov 2011 08:15:08 -0000
Received: (qmail 15216 invoked by uid 225); 24 Nov 2011 08:15:07 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 15195 invoked by alias); 24 Nov 2011 08:15:06 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-5.0 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Thu, 24 Nov 2011 00:15:03 -0800
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 3EB0E2AFE0; Thu, 24 Nov 2011 00:14:59 -0800 (PST)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Thu, 24 Nov 2011 00:14:59 -0800
Message-ID: <20111124081459.3EB0E2AFE0@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Web Software Development Manager and Applications Programmer
 (onsite), San Jose, CA
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/15184

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: November 24, 2011

Job title:
Web Software Development Manager and Applications Programmer

Company name: Maxim Integrated Products

Internal ID: web0110

Location: San Jose, CA

Pay rate: competitive

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
>> PLEASE NOTE: YOU MUST HAVE OBJECT-ORIENTED PERL  EXPERIENCE! <<

We are looking for a Web Software Development Manager/Web Application 
Developer for maxim-ic.com, a highly strategic website for a Fortune-1000, 
business-to-business company. You can have the variety, creativity, and 
independence usually found in a small company with the resources of a very 
profitable public company: Maxim Integrated Products. The position is
located in  Sunnyvale (near San Jose, California).

The website is highly strategic to the company and has very high visibility
and top  management support. 

You will report to the Executive Director of Internet Marketing. You will
manage	six programmers in three locations. You will also do hands-on web
applications  design and development. The position is estimated at 33%
management, 67% web  programming. 

The position is unique in several respects. Most important is that our
roles aren't  specialized - our programmers do their own database
administration, Unix  admin, and user interface. We operate in a very
high-efficiency mode, beyond  agile: Instead of detailed specs, elaborate
development and staging systems, and  release procedures, we manage risks
by giving programmers full responsibility.

Our web developers are the very best. They are not just programmers: They
think  strategically and design their apps, including user interface and
on-screen  appearance and messages. They have excellent communication
skills and work  with stakeholders throughout the company. They are
responsible for their own  QA.

The programming team is responsible for all the technical aspects of
running the  website: system admin, database administration, and
applications development,  including user interface. Hardware and
co-location are presently ours; you will  work with IT to manage the
migration to a supported host.

Technology: New development is Linux, Apache, Mason, Perl, MySQL. 

Design philosophy is streamlined and pragmatic. The site is built for
electrical  engineers, who want a fast, efficient website. While we are
up-to-speed on new  technologies, we don't implement bells and whistles
without good reason. 

Our programming is presently guerilla-style: We work quickly, usually
without  detailed specs or elaborate test and release procedures. User
interfaces are not  prototyped in great detail, and each engineer has been
responsible for his own  quality. We rely on the judgment and experience of
our programmers, rather than  spending time on specs and procedures. As the
site grows, we know we will need  more traditional procedures and this
position will be responsible for managing  this growth and developing basic
quality assurance. 

You will:

 - Be responsible for day-to-day management of approximately 6 programmers,
 located in Sunnyvale, CA; Dallas, TX; and Bangalore, India.

- Manage a top-tier development team of committed, effective, talented, and
 creative programmers who make design and user interface decisions on their
 own, without finely-detailed specs and extensive quality checks. They 
generally require minimal supervision.

- Be very hands-on, with your own projects as well as supervisory 
responsibilities. 

- Be responsible for making sure web applications are highly usable,
attractive,  professional, efficient, and conform to the look, feel, and
function of our site.

Required skills:
- Three years experience managing programmers. Excellent recommendations. 

- Very strong web applications experience. 

- Four years experience with Object-Oriented Perl programming (mod_perl 
programming desirable, Mason is a strong plus).

- Four years experience with SQL programming for a relational database 
management system (MySQL, Oracle, Sybase, etc.).

- Four years experience with Linux or a Unix operating system.

- Ability to hand-code high-quality HTML, CSS, Dynamic HTML, and 
Javascript.

- Experience implementing and integrating web applications and
infrastructure	such as content management, e-commerce, call center, lead
management, etc. 

- Excellent communication skills and written English.

- Demonstrated attention to quality and detail. 

- Some travel (Dallas / Sunnyvale / Bangalore)

- Strong aesthetic sense: You can see what looks attractive and
professional and  conforms to the look and feel of a site. 

- Must be able to show portfolio of web applications (of your own and/or 
managed) that are attractive, functional, efficient, and work well.

Desired skills:
Mason, AJAX Experience, internationalization (Unicode), mod_perl, LAMP
enthusiast.

Website for more information: http://www.maxim-ic.com

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/15184#contact
