Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:11933
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 4207 invoked from network); 6 Dec 2011 01:17:58 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 6 Dec 2011 01:17:58 -0000
Received: (qmail 729 invoked by uid 225); 6 Dec 2011 01:17:57 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 724 invoked by alias); 6 Dec 2011 01:17:57 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-5.0 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Mon, 05 Dec 2011 17:17:55 -0800
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 9D9D72AFE1; Mon,  5 Dec 2011 17:17:51 -0800 (PST)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Mon, 5 Dec 2011 17:17:51 -0800
Message-ID: <20111206011751.9D9D72AFE1@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Director of Engineering (onsite), Salt Lake City, UT, USA
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/15244

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: December  5, 2011

Job title: Director of Engineering

Company name: Stackable

Location: Salt Lake City, UT, USA

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Stackable Web Hosting is seeking a Director of Engineering to oversee a
team of developers and engineers dedicated to solving problems in web
application scaling and hosting.

Your daily duties would include

Manage a small team of developers, system administrators:
Keep track of the progress of each team member on a daily basis
Conduct weekly face to face meetings to discuss the progress of Stackable
Manage short, medium and long term goals, frequently reorganizing tasks as
necessary to respond to the needs of the product
Brainstorm and co-develop new products and services that are consistent
with the goals of Stackable
Capacity planning: Track resource utilization and ensure that new equipment
is on track for provisioning before existing infrastructure is at capacity
Act as lead programmer of the Stackable team. It will be your job to know
every line of code and how everything works together. Many programming
tasks will fall to you, and you'll be needed to teach the other team
members about the code base:
Program in Perl on a 100k+ line code base with a focus on the following
libraries and technologies:
POE, AMQP, DBIx::Class, Catalyst, Thrift, XML-RPC, XMPP
Develop scalable, threaded, non-blocking applications with custom API
protocol implementations
Focus on clean, reusable code with adequate documentation and best
practices in coding style
Understanding of CSS a must, a mastery of CSS a bonus
Administer a cluster of dozens of physical machines holding of thousands of
virtualized servers, all running CentOS 5
Use Puppet, Monit, Nagios and other open source tools to create and
maintain a consistent state across the cluster
Work with Parallels Virtual Automation and Parallels Virtuozzo Containers,
both using the given tools and developing your own tools to interact with
Virtuozzo via their XML-based asynchronous API to manage the cluster
containers and to create new products
Create and follow processes to ensure that systems are secure and
up-to-date
Use and configure PowerDNS, haproxy, nginx, Apache, MySQL, PostgreSQL,
RabbitMQ, Cassandra, ProFTPd, OpenLDAP, along with many other open source
tools
Have a strong understanding of information visualization and use of
techniques necessary to graph and display large amounts of data.
Design and implementation of storage area networks for production and
backup data sets.
Be on-call 24/7, able to deal with operational issues at any hour of the
night or weekend
Handle customer issues and support as needed, via live support, email, IRC,
or telephone.
Skills

You must understand all the technologies involved with your assigned tasks,
and be prepared to educate others in their usage. Must-have skills include
knowledge of configuration management systems, LAMP stacks, CentOS/RHEL
administration, scaling complex web applications, and experience with
Virtuozzo or Parallels products. Experience with OpenStack is a plus.
You must be able to communicate well in emails, IRC, telephone and in
person
You must be able to work in a team, having the ability to delegate tasks as
needed and to communicate expectations with others.
An understanding of DevOps culture and a willingness to wear both hats in
order to solve hard problems.
A solid understanding of all aspects of LAMP stack web performance tuning
and demonstrable troubleshooting skills.
Experience with load-balancing and the design and implementation of
highly-available LAMP-based web applications.
Networking experience preferred, especially at the upper-layers of the OSI
model
Experience

8-10 years experience in the support, development and operations of web
applications, with hands-on experience with scalability and web operations
a must.
Pay and Benefits

Telecommuting from home for part of your work week is optional.
Salary commensurate with expertise and overall experience
Excellent health benefits
About Us

Stackable is a web hosting provider for amazing websites.

Stackable's team is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah -- home of the
world's best powder skiing (sorry, Colorado!). We bring creativity,
confidence, and a lot of enthusiasm to our work. We're committed to solving
problems that web developers face every day. As a part of XMission,
Stackable has been offering web hosting to clients since 1993. Founded by
Pete Ashdown, Stackable and XMission employ about fifty people.

Required skills: Perl, MySQL, Linux, CSS, JavaScript

Desired skills:
Apache, haproxy, nginx, RabbitMQ, OpenLDAP, Virtuozzo, POE, DBIx::Class,
Catalyst, Thrift

Website for more information: http://xmission.com/jobs

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/15244#contact
