Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:1227
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 77863 invoked by uid 76); 9 Dec 2003 16:19:07 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (63.251.223.170) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.26) with SMTP; Tue, 09 Dec 2003 08:19:07 -0800
Received: (qmail 20052 invoked by uid 225); 9 Dec 2003 16:19:05 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 20047 invoked by alias); 9 Dec 2003 16:19:05 -0000
Received: from onion.develooper.com (HELO onion.perl.org) (63.251.223.166) by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.27-dev) with SMTP; Tue, 09 Dec 2003 08:18:53 -0800
Received: (qmail 77768 invoked by uid 1016); 9 Dec 2003 16:18:51 -0000
Date: 9 Dec 2003 16:18:51 -0000
Message-ID: <20031209161851.77767.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=1.8 required=7.0 tests=CARRIAGE_RETURNS,SPAM_PHRASE_03_05,TO_BE_REMOVED_REPLY version=2.44
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.26, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Subject: Sr Perl Developer (onsite), United States, CA, Alhambra
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/1121

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: December  9, 2003

Job title: Sr Perl Developer

Location: United States, CA, Alhambra

Pay rate: $80-100K + options

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: full-time

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
I have the following position that I believe you might be interested in.

Do you have 3+ years of developing large-scale web based systems in OO Perl
on Linux?

If so please read the job description below.  If you are interested, please
send me your updated resume, as an attachment, that details the
type/purpose of systems and Perl/Linux experience.  Please note that the
hiring manager is requiring that this experience be as detailed as possible
in the body of your resume.

If you were not interested, I was hoping you could help me out and refer me
to a Sr. Level Perl Developer and/or a Sr. Database Developer (see Position
#2 below) that is very solid with Linux that you have worked with or know
of that would be interested in the following positions in Alhambra, CA. 

I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide me and would be happy
to provide you with a referral fee for any resulting placements.

Location: Alhambra, CA
Salary: $85-100K + options

A leading Global Internet Company is looking for 3 Sr Level Perl
Developers.  Company has been public for over 3 years, has been profitable
for the past 6 Quarters, has YTD Net Income of $18+ million and has $100+
million in cash.  Company has over 500 employees globally.

The Sr Perl Developer will be part of an exclusive team, within the
company.  The Sr Perl Developer will be working on one of two development
teams that are responsible for 1) algorithim development with heavy use of
OO Perl (possibly some Java) to increase efficiency and effectiveness of
product or 2) responsible for working with the company’s key/elite external
partners and clients developing new, customized and unique
solutions/applications in OO Perl (possibly some Java) that will result in
increased revenue and ROI.  The Sr Perl Developer will meet with the
external partners to determine their requirements, translate the
requirements into technical solutions and implement the new solutions into
the current infrastructure and enterprise systems, including enterprise
wide middleware products.  New applications will primarily be developed in
Perl on Linux.	Current enterprise systems are built in Java and Perl
running on BEA WebLogic and ATG Dynamo Application Servers on Solaris with
Oracle 8i on the back-end.  Current development is exclusively being
written on RedHat Linux utilizing VI or emac editors (NO IDE’s). Company
consistently works with bleeding edge technology. Engineering team consists
of 15+ Caltech and MIT alum.

Company offers full benefits medical (PPO & HMO) including dental and
vision, 401K, Stock Option and Purchase Plans, 2 weeks paid vacation, 8
paid sick days, Short and Long Term Disability, Life Insurance, casual
attire and flexible work hours.

REQUIREMENTS:
Candidate MUST have at least 2-3+ years of OO Perl development on Unix,
preferably Linux, (a MUST HAVE) for large-scale, high-volume Web based
systems. Currently, company is developing on Linux and deploying on
Solaris. Or must have experience with algorithim development.
Should have experience deploying Perl code on Application Servers;
preferably ATG Dynamo and/or BEA WebLogic.
Proven OO Analysis and Design experience with UML and different design
patterns.
Perl multi-tier client server systems.
Scalable high throughput low latency systems.
Familiarity with system SLAs (establishing them, meeting them,
understanding them).
Familiar with low level instrumentation of code for performance (perl,
'c').
Understanding of system level components to aid in high performance
software development
Understanding of web services architecture
Understanding of heterogenous production environments
Experience interfacing with external clients (outside the company) a plus.
Bachelors or Masters C.S. Degree is a MUST.  Caltech, MIT or Berkeley grads
highly preferred.
Any messaging and middleware experience is a plus.
Experience with any alogorithm-based applications/systems is a plus.
Experience with Oracle, XML and any middleware products a plus.


Please do NOT apply unless you have at least 2 years of Perl development on
Unix/Linux for large distributed Web Systems.  Your Perl and Unix/Linux
development and deployment experience must be detailed in the body of your
resume before client will consider it.

*Company is unable to sponsor or offer corp-to-corp contract to Visa
holders. *
*Company will not offer relocation assistance. *

Company is in position to hire immediately.  Qualified candidates will be
required to take and pass an extensive Perl/Unix exam.

Position #2
I was also hoping you could help me out and refer me to a Sr Perl Backend
Systems/Database Developer on Oracle (that has experience w/Perl and Unix
shell scripting) that you have worked with or know of that would be
interested in the following position in Alhambra, CA.

I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide me and would be happy
to provide you with a referral fee for any resulting placements.

Location: Alhambra, CA
Salary: $80-110K + options

As a result of increased business, a leading Global Company is looking for
yet another Sr Perl Backend Systems/Database Developer on/into Oracle to
join a growing Data Operations team of Oracle Database Developers.  Company
has been public for over 3 years, has been profitable for the past 6
Quarters, has YTD Net Income of $18+ million and has $100+ million in cash.
 Company has over 500 employees globally.

The Sr Perl Backend Systems/Database Developer on Oracle will be
responsible for developing, enhancing, troubleshooting Company’s backend
Perl/Oracle database applications, in a UNIX (Solaris/Linux) environment,
using Perl, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL Loader and Unix shell scripts.  Company is
running several instances of Oracle 8i databases on Solaris/Linux, loading
100,000’s transactions/day of financial data into a 30+ terabyte Data
Warehouse. Transaction processing and reporting systems are developed in
Perl, Unix Shell Scripts, PL/SQL, SQL Loader and SQL. Candidate will be
responsible for developing and optimizing the backend systems for
stability, scalability and efficiency.	Responsible for designing and
optimizing database schema, queries, and complex stored procedures under
Oracle 8. Locate and fix bugs in the existing Perl, SQL and PL/SQL code
base in a timely manner.  Create and modify Unix shell scripts. Candidate
will also maintain the integrity of the databases in order to provide
accurate information.  Candidate will provide technical assistance by
responding to inquires from users regarding errors, problems or questions
about programs. Ensure availability of data in a timely manner. Consult
with users to design and code reports/programs to meet their needs. 
Candidate will be required to be on-call 1 week every 2 months.

The company offers full benefits (PPO & HMO) including dental and vision,
401K, Stock Options and Purchase Plans, 2 weeks vacation, 8 paid sick days,
Short and Long Term Disability, Life Insurance, Employee Assistance
Program, casual dress and flexible work hours that all start upon
employment.

REQUIREMENTS
MUST HAVE 3-4+ years developing large high-volume (50-100K
transactions/day) backend Systems in Perl utilizing SQL, SQL Loader, PL/SQL
and Unix shell scripts on Oracle.  
MUST HAVE Perl and Unix Shell Scripting experience, preferably on Solaris
and Linux.
Ability to understand and create very complex SQL statements.
Must be able to apply optimization methods, including Oracle Hints, to SQL
statements.
Must have experience creating stored procedures and triggers with PL/SQL.
Should have experience with multiple storage techniques (flat files, DB
Berkeley, etc..).
Ability to extract unique records from Oracle using SQL and PL/SQL.
Must be able to be on call 1 week every 2 months.
PLUS:
Unix System Administration or DBA experience is a plus, but not necessary.
Experience in Database logical and physical design is a plus, but not
necessary.

Please do NOT apply unless you have BOTH Perl and Unix shell scripting
experience.  Please note that all of your Perl, Unix, SQL, SQL Loader and
PL/SQL experience, including a detailed description of the backend database
systems (# and type of sources of data), the types of data format
received/converted to, any converting, verifying, manipulating, cleansing,
etc. of data, the size/volume of transactions processed
daily/weekly/monthly and the size of the database (total size in TB’s/# of
records/table) must be in the body of your resume to be considered. 
Furthermore, you need to discuss each of the technologies you used for each
part of the above backend database system.

Please note that this is not an Oracle DBA or Architect position and DBA's
nor Architects will be considered.

*Company is unable to sponsor or perform corp to corp for Visa holders. *
*Company will not offer relocation assistance. *

Company is in position to hire immediately.  



Required skills:
Perl, Unix, preferably Linux, emac or VI editors

Contact information: al@equestsolutions.com


