Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:12610
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 25715 invoked from network); 26 Jul 2012 05:22:02 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 26 Jul 2012 05:22:02 -0000
Received: (qmail 7085 invoked by uid 225); 26 Jul 2012 05:22:01 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 7081 invoked by alias); 26 Jul 2012 05:22:01 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-2.9 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_00,LOTS_OF_MONEY
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Wed, 25 Jul 2012 22:21:58 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 1B22A2AFE0; Wed, 25 Jul 2012 22:21:47 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Wed, 25 Jul 2012 22:21:47 -0700
Message-ID: <20120726052147.1B22A2AFE0@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Web App Developer / Linux Admin - Full Time Salary (telecommute),
 Salt Lake City, UT, USA
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/15896

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July 25, 2012

Job title: Web App Developer / Linux Admin - Full Time Salary

Company name: Lab-01

Internal ID: 20120421

Location: Salt Lake City, UT, USA

Pay rate: $55,000 US + Benefits & Bonuses

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Indefinite

Hours: Full time

Onsite: no

Description:
This is a repost of a job which we successfully filled. We are hiring an
additional engineer for an identical position. If you applied for this job
before and are still available, please feel free to apply again. 

We need a linux software engineer with PERL experience to join our team.
This is an actual job with a salary and bonuses, not project based
consulting or some kind of weird business opportunity. Work hours are
flexible, and this is a telecommute position. You will need a minimum of
about 5 years of hands-on programming experience to do this job.

As you can see, this job ad did not start out with "BLAH Company is a
leading provider of BLAH Solutions with a dynamic work environment based on
an open culture BLAH BLAH BLAH". That's because some of us (at least the
ones writing this job ad) are sane enough to want to attract actual people
to work here, rather than whatever kind of zombie answers one of those
types of ads that were written to impress investors, or perhaps the parents
of the owner of the company. So, if you like the idea of working with
somewhat sane humans, but yet rarely having to see them because you work
mostly from the comfort of your own home, read on!

<b>About the Job:</b>

Your boss is a very experienced software engineer who doesn't have the time
to write all the software he wishes he could. He is the VP of Engineering.
You shall be his squire. Together you shall go forth and write a lot of
code and admin a bunch of linux boxen and bestow much needed relief on the
slightly stressed out R&D department.

Half your teammates are customer facing webmasters who will look upon you
as a god and come to you for wisdom. The other half are mighty BAD-ASS
Nodejs DevOps Wizards and Ajax UX Ninjas who will make you feel inadequate
by their sheer intellect and experience, but who will totally admire and
accept you if you are a hard worker who learns how to use GIT, asks smart
questions, and cleans up his own sticky software messes so they don't have
to!

You will write and maintain a ragtag fleet of small apps and integrations
for a number of e-commerce projects. We have some good templates and
frameworks, but there will be a lot of plugging service A into service B.
There will also be couple fairly cool in-house apps you get to work on.

Most integrations will be HTTP posts, maybe with XML or JSON, but some will
be such nasty things as overbuilt SOAP services, mind-boggling oAuth, and
raw PHP data formats with incorrect documentation. You know: the typical
kind of broken junk that people usually expect you to integrate with.

You will need to be able to decipher documentation and figure out bad APIs
on your own, and quickly. This means sometimes you will need to call or
email outside software engineers on the other end when their documentation
is missing or incorrect.

<b>About US:</b>

We are a small software company with four engineers and four HTML coders.

We are NOT a temp-agency. We're an actual employer offering salary and
health benefits and bonuses! (I know! Right?)

Since it's a telecommute position, there's no dress code, except for when
you come into our office.

Hours are flexible, sometimes mindbendingly long, occasionally weird. We
wrote this job at 2 AM, so obviously we're a bit nuts in that way.

We're only considering US candidates for this position.

Required skills:
<b>About You:</b>

You have at least 5 years experience writing web apps and you're good at
PERL. It's extra awesome if you are security minded, but this job requires
more than just a sysadmin. Since parts of some of the apps in question have
a WEB UI, you have to know HTML, Javascript (ideally jQuery) and know or be
learning the AJAX paradigm for web UI along with the DOM/CSS stuff.

You have experience with PERL and Javascript. Bonus points if you know but
hate PHP, think Ruby or Python is cool, wrote some C programs back in the
day, and once got a Java project to actually compile.

You have integrated with someone's horribly broken and poorly documented
API using PERL. And you came out of it with a good understanding of how
HTTP protocol works. Bonus if you also did it in NodeJS.

You are a moderately good command line linux admin, and we can trust you
help us with IT setup, backups, etc for linux boxen. We run a stripped-down
Ubuntu 10.04 LTS. If you think CPanel is better than ssh, do not apply for
this job. If you run linux at home and you can install and configure UFW
from memory, definitely DO apply for this job!

You are extremely careful at checking your work and catching your mistakes.
You do logging and double-checking. You hardly ever accidentally drop the
wrong table or format the wrong volume.

We are moving our stuff to CouchDB. So either you know it or you are stoked
about learning it! If you come from a mySql background it will be strange
but fun, and the mySql may still come in very handy. If you like Mongo or
BigTables better than CouchDB, don't tell our Chief Architect that until
you have gained his respect and are seriously ready to throw down.

You are great at learning by reading documentation, and you communicate
very clearly by email.

You would call another engineer to get a "second pair of eyes" in the
middle of the night rather than wasting 5 hours trying to debug something
yourself, but you would always paste your error messages into google search
and spend 15 minutes doing some careful checking of your own code FIRST.

You are motivated and experienced enough to work fast and independently
without procrastination. Translation: You know how to keep a list of stuff
you are supposed to do and a list of questions you need answered. And you
can handle working unsupervised, since obviously we are unlikely to come
supervise you at your house or the coffee shop or wherever you do your
work.

Desired skills:
Linux admin skills and Perl web-app experience are the requirements. But
nice extras would include: CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, Ajax, jQuery, CouchDB,
NodeJS, GIT, and if you have an arty side, Photoshop and Adobe
Illustratator. And although PHP sucks, knowing it will be sometimes useful
for this job.

If you don't know all that stuff, you will get to learn it on the job.

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/15896#contact
