Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:13279
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 19389 invoked from network); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:37 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 5 Apr 2013 21:20:37 -0000
Received: (qmail 19172 invoked by uid 225); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:37 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 19168 invoked by alias); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:37 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-2.9 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_00
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Fri, 05 Apr 2013 14:20:28 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id AE7B72AFE0; Fri,  5 Apr 2013 14:20:24 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Fri, 5 Apr 2013 14:20:24 -0700
Message-ID: <20130405212024.AE7B72AFE0@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Senior Programmer, Boca Raton, FL, UNITED STATES
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/17223

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April  5, 2013

Job title: Senior Programmer

Company name: NCCI

Internal ID: 28553435

Location: Boca Raton, FL, UNITED STATES

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Description:
At NCCI Holdings, Inc., we realize our greatest asset is our team of more
than 900 professionals working together every day to make our company the
leading provider of workers compensation insurance data and research
information. Read on to learn about the requirements for this opening. 

Job Purpose:
Analyzes business needs and detailed system components, identifies,
communicates, and resolves systems issues in support of core system
functions. Performs systems analysis, design, coding, testing,
documentation and implementation for application systems development
software initiatives driven by business needs. Develops and enhances
computer applications to support the implementation of difficult to complex
business requirements. Performs specific assignments as part of a project
team or works independently on small to medium-sized enhancements and
production support assignments. May perform technical project management.

Major Duties:

Design/Programming
• Interprets business requirements for system enhancements and projects,
translates them into detailed design system specifications including
process and data flows, screen and report specifications, stored
procedures, batch scripts, and batch scheduling specifications.
• Recommends technologies to be used in building the solution.
• Develops system components based on business requirements and system
specifications, codes, tests, and implements components in accordance with
standards and procedures.
• Responsible for unit testing components and supporting DEV and QA
testing.
• Performs design reviews and code reviews for other team initiatives.
• Coordinates and executes integration testing for development efforts.
• Develops implementation plans and supports migrations through the various
environments.
• Responsible for the coordination and implementation of small to
medium-sized enhancements and production support assignments from end to
end.
• Prepares and maintains technical system documentation for system support
and other needs.
Analysis
• Analyzes business needs and detailed system components, including input,
process, and output requirements, data and system flows, and hardware and
software requirements.
• Identifies, communicates, and resolves systems issues in support of core
system functions.
• Identifies root cause of problems, provides options for resolution and
documents outcome of analysis.
• Evaluates existing systems to improve their effectiveness and efficiency,
reducing operational costs, and providing solutions to resolve data and
system issues.
• Provides consultation in areas of expertise and/or 3rd party vendor
software products.

Project Management
• Manages various technical aspects of small to medium-sized projects
concurrently through the project lifecycle using the PMO process while
managing to a budget, timeline and customer satisfaction and value.
• Responsible for estimating, project planning, communicating status of
projects, designing, analyzing, coding (where applicable), testing, and
documentation and implementation of components in accordance with standards
and procedures.
• Works with management team to staff projects.
• Provides objective feedback to management regarding team and individual
performance.
• Provides technical expertise and knowledge transfer for IT, PMO and
Business user team members.

Relationships
• Establishes and/or maintains working relationships with both Business and
IT partners to define, understand and evaluate business requirements and
resolve production issues.
• Provides support in a matrix-management fashion to other areas as needed.


Leadership
• Provides knowledge transfer to other technical peers.
• Provides technical leadership and expertise to peers on small to
medium-sized work efforts and production support.

As key contributors to our success, our team members enjoy working in a
casual, collaborative environment that offers state-of-the-art resources,
advanced technologies, and a superior benefits package.

We require a drug screen and background check.

EEO/Smoke Free environment

Required skills:
Required Education, Experience & Skills:
• Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 5 years IT programming experience or 5
years managing software development and/or technical project management
experience.
• In lieu of degree, additional work experience and/or trade school or
applicable certifications required.
• Solid understanding of IT Technical Architecture, and strong knowledge of
the capabilities and constraints of large-scale, multi-processing computer
systems.
• In depth knowledge and experience with Relational Database Management
Systems (RDBMS) that interact with batch and web applications.
• In depth technical expertise in multiple platforms (i.e., UNIX/LINUX,
Windows/Intel); multiple database technologies, (i.e., Oracle); multiple
programming languages, (i.e., VB.Net, C#, ASP, PL/SQL, Java, Object
oriented programming); and multiple batch operating environments (i.e.,
Unix/Shell Scripting, Windows).
• Solid Communication Skills - ability to communicate clearly and
concisely, both verbally and in writing, and to establish and maintain
working relationships with both Business and IT partners as part of
developing solutions and resolving business issues.
• Solid Customer Service Skills - ability to identify and anticipate
customer requirements and needs, and respond to and influence customer
expectations.
• In Depth Analytical Skills - ability to gather and analyze information,
and draw logical conclusions while identifying the root cause of problems
and providing options for resolution.
• Programming Skills – In depth knowledge of programming principles,
techniques, standards and analytical ability to develop computer programs
and systems.
• Project Management Skills – In depth understanding of project life cycle
methodologies, estimating, and IT best practices with experience managing
and implementing small to medium size projects.
• Ability to multi-task, juggle multiple projects, and function in a
flexible matrix-management environment.
• In depth understanding of industry standard desktop software (e.g.,
Windows, Office, eMail, SharePoint, etc).

Preferred Education, Experience, and Skills:
• Bachelor’s degree in computer information or related field.
• Good working knowledge and understanding of NCCI business processes and
systems.
• Experience integrating 3rd party software.
• MCSD or ORACLE Developer Certification.
• PMI (Project Management Institute) Certification.
Related key words: Java, PL/SQL, .net, C#, object oriented programming,
application developer, software developer, application programmer,
programmer analyst, web software developer, web application programmer, web
programmer

Website for more information: http://ncci.contacthr.com/28553435

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/17223#contact
