Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:13287
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 19192 invoked from network); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:08 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 5 Apr 2013 21:20:08 -0000
Received: (qmail 19112 invoked by uid 225); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:08 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 19108 invoked by alias); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:08 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-0.2 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_50
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Fri, 05 Apr 2013 14:20:00 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 107E42AFE0; Fri,  5 Apr 2013 14:19:56 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Fri, 5 Apr 2013 14:19:56 -0700
Message-ID: <20130405211957.107E42AFE0@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Energy Industry Consulting Manager, San Francisco,CA
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/17225

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April  5, 2013

Job title: Energy Industry Consulting Manager

Company name: Fremont Consulting

Location: San Francisco,CA

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Description:
Please send resume to molly at fremontconsulting dot com; please send me an
invite to connect on linkedin!
 
Follow us on twitter for more job opportunities: @fremontflash

This is a full time assignment on site in San Francisco, CA
Program Manager (Energy and Utilities)
Professional Services Firm
 
Job Summary: The Program Manager with Energy/Utilities specialization is
responsible to build a relationship with clients based on deep knowledge of
the industry and manage the delivery of work, fulfilling requirements to
the satisfaction of the clients.  The individual would keep their client in
control of realizing the business value for projects they manage or for a
portfolio of projects assigned. 

Your first engagement will be with a major energy utility firm which needs
a strategist and planner that can help them manage a team that would decide
when to take their power generation plants down for maintenance knowing
that they would have to procure energy at that time for their customers. 
knowledgeable on the trade-offs between procuring energy and generating it
and how to help the client manage a team to establish such a plan or set of
methods to use.

-You can identify and negotiate strategies for PPA contracts; profitability
analysis;  forecast the price so they could optimize profit.
- You  can build relationships with the business managers within the client
account while executing the project to establish the plan or methods
previously discussed.  Does this describe capability you have?
 
- You can establish  strong relationship with some senior people at energy
supplier client firm executives and stakeholders
 
You have strong knowledge and expertise on politics and regulations
surrounding electric utilities and why most companies in the US might not
want to build power storage systems.

The individual will participate in, or lead, a practice within the
Energy/Utilities industry segment with responsibilities to propose and win
new work and to staff and manage the work to mutually agreed criteria for
profitability at defined levels of corporate support.

Required skills:
Detailed Duties and Responsibilities
Priority 1: Conduct Program Management to Achieve Business Results from
Projects
-	   Build client relationships based on industry knowledge and
expertise.
-	   Understand, document and fulfill business objectives and
requirements for investments made in projects.
-	   Build teams to deliver projects and manage resources at required
levels of effectiveness and efficiency.
-	   Obtain, review, analyze, and use team progress information to
make recommendations that can avoid negative impact and improve achievement
of organization goals and objectives.
-	   Practice formal risk and issue management with stakeholders.
-	   Establish and maintain appropriate communication to help focus
management of resources for highest effectiveness.
 
Qualification Requirements
Required Education Level: Bachelor of Arts or Science in a Related
Discipline
Required Experience:
- 12 years minimum in delivering program management services to clients;
four (4) of the last ten (10) years on projects within the Energy/Utilities
industry segment.
- Have deep industry experience in topics such as: Smart Grid; Demand
Response; Energy Storage; Renewables; Power Generation (Gas, Hydro,
Renewables, and Nuclear); Power Transmission; Planning, Trading, and Risk
Management of Energy; as well as other related subjects.
- Five (5) of the last ten (10) years’ demonstrated experience in
delivering projects to clients with a record of successful completion and
client satisfaction.
- Demonstrated ability to build client relationships and to build teams
that can effectively deliver satisfactory work to meet client needs.
 
Desired Experience:
-	   More experience delivering client solutions while achieving
business benefits, goals, and objectives.
Required Competencies
-	       Knowledge:
-   Industry best practice for program management within the
Energy/Utilities industry segment.
-   Industry standards for program management within the Energy/Utilities
industry segment.
-   Industry maturity models for program management within the
Energy/Utilities industry segment.
 
Certifications or Training:
−     Program Management or appropriate Energy/Utilities industry
certifications desired.
−     Formal training in topics of importance in the Industry desired.
−     Formal training in methods used for Program Management and
relationship building would be advantageous.


References:
1.	 Candidate must furnish 3 (three) project references summarizing
work related to the project required experience above and 3 (three) company
contacts and address details.

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/17225#contact
