Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:13286
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 19407 invoked from network); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:54 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 5 Apr 2013 21:20:54 -0000
Received: (qmail 19207 invoked by uid 225); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:54 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 19201 invoked by alias); 5 Apr 2013 21:20:53 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-2.9 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_00
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Fri, 05 Apr 2013 14:20:48 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 9B17C2AFE0; Fri,  5 Apr 2013 14:20:44 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Fri, 5 Apr 2013 14:20:44 -0700
Message-ID: <20130405212044.9B17C2AFE0@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Programmer Analyst, Boca Raton, FL, UNITED STATES
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/17221

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April  4, 2013

Job title: Programmer Analyst

Company name: NCCI

Internal ID: 28553457

Location: Boca Raton, FL, UNITED STATES

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Description:
At NCCI Holdings, Inc., we realize our greatest asset is our team of more
than 900 professionals working together every day to make our company the
leading provider of workers compensation insurance data and research
information. Read on to learn about the requirements for this opening. 

Job Purpose:
Participates in the requirements definition and analysis of business needs,
and performs systems analysis, design, coding, testing, documentation and
implementation for supporting application development software initiatives.
Supports and enhances computer applications to enable the implementation of
simple to moderately-difficult business requirements. Performs specific
assignments as part of a project team or works independently on small
enhancements and production support assignments.

Major Duties:
Design/Programming
• Interprets business requirements for small system enhancements and
projects, translates them into detailed design system specifications
including process and data flows, screen and report specifications, stored
procedures, batch scripts, and batch scheduling specifications.
• Develops system components based on business requirements and system
specifications, codes, tests, and implements components in accordance with
standards and procedures.
• Responsible for unit testing components and supporting DEV and QA
testing.
• Performs design and code reviews for other team initiatives.
• Participates and executes integration testing for development efforts.
• Participates in providing implementation plans and supports migrations
through the various environments.
• Responsible for the coordination and implementation of small enhancements
and production support fixes from end to end.
• Prepares and maintains technical system documentation for system support
and other needs.

Analysis
• Participates in the requirements definition and analysis of business
needs and detailed system components, including input, process, and output
requirements, and data and system flows.
• Identifies root cause of problems, provides options for resolution and
documents outcome of analysis.
• Performs system maintenance services as required by business demands.
• Troubleshoots all production problems.

Relationships
• Interacts with both Business and IT partners to define, understand and
evaluate business requirements and resolve production issues.
• Provides support in a matrix-management fashion to other areas as needed.


Project Management
• Provides development estimates for planning purposes.
• Provides project status and accurate time reporting.
• Manages all technical aspects of small enhancements concurrently through
the project lifecycle using the PMO process while managing to a budget,
timeline and customer satisfaction and value.

Leadership
• Provides knowledge transfer to other technical peers.
• Provides technical leadership and expertise to peers on small
enhancements and production support.

As key contributors to our success, our team members enjoy working in a
casual, collaborative environment that offers state-of-the-art resources,
advanced technologies, and a superior benefits package.

We require a drug screen and background check.

EEO/Smoke Free environment

Required skills:
Required Education, Experience & Skills:
• Bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 3 years IT programming experience.
• In lieu of degree, additional work experience and/or trade school or
applicable certifications required.
• Good overall understanding of IT Technical Architecture, and knowledge of
the capabilities and constraints of small to large-scale, multi-processing
computer systems.
• Technical knowledge of: (e.g., UNIX/LINUX, Windows/Intel); multiple
database technologies, (i.e., Oracle); multiple programming languages,
(i.e., VB.Net, C#, ASP, PL/SQL, Java, Object oriented programming); and
multiple batch operating environments (e.g., Unix/Shell Scripting,
Windows).
• Experience with Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) that
interact with web applications.
• Good Communication Skills - ability to communicate clearly and concisely,
both verbally and in writing, and to interact with both Business and IT
partners to define, understand and evaluate business requirements and
resolve production issues.
• Good Customer Service Skills - ability to identify and anticipate
customer requirements and needs, and respond to and influence customer
expectations.
• Good Analytical Skills - ability to gather and analyze information, and
draw logical conclusions while identifying the root cause of problems and
providing options for resolution.
• Programming Skills – Knowledge of programming principles, techniques,
standards and analytical ability to develop computer programs and systems.
• Project Management Skills – Knowledge of project life cycle
methodologies, estimating, and IT best practices with experience managing
and implementing small size projects.
• Ability to multi-task, juggle multiple projects, and function in a
flexible matrix-management environment.
• Good working knowledge of industry-standard desktop software (e.g.,
Windows, Office, eMail, SharePoint, etc).

Preferred Education, Experience, and Skills:
• Bachelor’s degree in computer information or related field.
• Working knowledge and understanding of NCCI business processes and
systems.
Related key words: Java, PL/SQL, .net, C#, object oriented programming,
application developer, software developer, application programmer,
programmer analyst, web software developer, web application programmer, web
programmer

Website for more information: http://ncci.contacthr.com/28553457

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/17221#contact
