Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:13551
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 13221 invoked from network); 12 Jul 2013 06:24:43 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 12 Jul 2013 06:24:43 -0000
Received: (qmail 20527 invoked by uid 225); 12 Jul 2013 06:24:43 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 20523 invoked by alias); 12 Jul 2013 06:24:42 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-2.9 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_00
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Thu, 11 Jul 2013 23:24:36 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 8B9BC2AFE1; Thu, 11 Jul 2013 23:24:33 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Thu, 11 Jul 2013 23:24:33 -0700
Message-ID: <20130712062433.8B9BC2AFE1@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Senior Systems Engineer (onsite), Los Angeles or San Francisco
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/17611

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July 11, 2013

Job title: Senior Systems Engineer

Company name: DreamHost

Internal ID: 96-401

Location: Los Angeles or San Francisco

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The Senior Systems Engineer role is to ensure the stability, integrity, and
efficient operation of the in-house information systems that support core
organizational functions. This is achieved by monitoring, maintaining,
supporting, and optimizing all networked software and associated operating
systems. The Senior Systems Engineer will apply proven communication,
analytical, and problem-solving skills to help identify, communicate, and
resolve issues in order to maximize the benefit of IT systems investments.
Additionally, the Senior Systems Engineer will be expected to have
extensive high level project management experience as well as the ability
to mentor junior team members.

Strategy & Planning
Design and deploy new applications and enhancements to existing
applications, software, and operating systems.
Collaborate with network staff to ensure smooth and reliable operation of
software and systems for fulfilling business objectives and processes.
Design and perform server and security audits, system backup procedures,
and other recovery processes in accordance with the company’s disaster
recovery and business continuity strategies.
Create and maintain documentation as it relates to system configuration,
mapping, processes, and service records.

Implementation & Deployment
Gauge the effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems; develop and
implement strategies for improving or further leveraging these systems.
Propose and create system design models, specifications, diagrams, and
charts to provide direction to system programmer and development teams.
Integrate servers, including database, e-mail, web/front-end, and backup
servers and their associated software into cohesive enterprise-level
systems.
Ensure system connectivity of all servers, shared software, groupware, and
other applications.
Monitor and test system performance; prepare and deliver system performance
statistics and reports.
Plan and perform OS and software upgrades.
Create and maintain kernels and OS packages.
Provide general assistance for Tech Support and Datacenter Operations
staff.
Assist in the development and implementation of disaster recovery plans.
Perform general documentation, classes, training, and diagramming.

Operational Management
Conduct research on emerging technologies in support of systems development
efforts, and recommend technologies that will increase cost effectiveness
and systems flexibility.
Review new and existing systems design projects and procurement or
outsourcing plans for compliance with standards and architectural plans.
Provide guidance to junior members of the team.
Perform cost-benefit and return on investment analyses for proposed systems
to aid management in making implementation decisions.
Ensure compatibility and interoperability of in-house computing systems.
Coordinate and perform in-depth tests, including end-user reviews, for
modified and new systems.
Conduct research on software and systems products to justify
recommendations and to support purchasing efforts.

Required skills:
Required Skills
Exceptional analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities.
Exceptional understanding of the organization’s goals and objectives.
Superior written and oral communication skills.
Excellent architecture and technical support documentation skills.
Strong interpersonal and consultative skills.
Ability to conduct research into emerging technologies and trends,
standards, and products as required.
Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language.
Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical
journals, financial reports, and legal documents.
Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from customers,
regulatory agencies, or members of the business community.
Ability to write speeches and articles for publication that conforms to
prescribed style and format.
Ability to effectively present information to top management, public
groups, and/or board of directors.
Ability to define problems, collects data, establishes facts, and draw
valid conclusions.
Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in
mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete
variables.
Demonstrate use of intermediate computer operations (Advanced programming
in 3rd and 4 generation languages, relational databases, and operating
systems) and intermediate software packages (word processing, spreadsheet,
graphics, etc.).

Required Experience
Experience with automation tools, ideally Chef.
Senior level systems operations experience in a large-scale Linux
environment. 
Proven experience in overseeing the design, development, and implementation
of software systems, applications, and related products.
Proven experience with systems planning, security principles, and general
software management best practices.
Working technical knowledge of current software protocols, and Internet
standards, including TCP/IP, HTML, AJAX, Javascript, and XML.
Excellent software troubleshooting experience.
Working technical knowledge of Perl, Python, Bash, and PHP programming
languages.
Competence with testing, flowchart, and data mapping tools and procedures.
Excellent understanding of the organization’s goals and objectives.
Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws.
Ideally someone with cloud experience, specifically OpenStack related
projects.

Desired skills:
We are looking for a senior-level Linux Systems/Operations Engineer, with a
solid handle of Perl.  Any OpenStack related cloud experience or automation
with Chef is a nice plus. Must be comfortable in an open-source
environment.

Website for more information: http://dreamhostcareers.silkroad.com

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/17611#contact
