Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:13640
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 2935 invoked from network); 11 Aug 2013 04:08:50 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 11 Aug 2013 04:08:50 -0000
Received: (qmail 23966 invoked by uid 225); 11 Aug 2013 04:08:50 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 23962 invoked by alias); 11 Aug 2013 04:08:50 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-2.9 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_00,T_FILL_THIS_FORM_SHORT
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Sat, 10 Aug 2013 21:08:46 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 544932AFE1; Sat, 10 Aug 2013 21:08:42 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2013 21:08:42 -0700
Message-ID: <20130811040843.544932AFE1@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: SENIOR BIOINFORMATICS SPECIALIST - Tufts Technology Services,
 Somerville, MA, United States
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/17507

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August 10, 2013

Job title:
SENIOR BIOINFORMATICS SPECIALIST - Tufts Technology Services

Company name: Tufts University

Location: Somerville, MA, United States

Hours: Full time

Description:
Posting Title : SENIOR BIOINFORMATICS SPECIALIST - Tufts Technology
Services
Requisition Number : 1925
City : Somerville
State/Province : Massachusetts
Zip code : 02144
Job Description-Overview :

Tufts Technology Services (TTS) is a university-wide service organization
dedicated to the strategic planning, implementation, and support of
technology products and services that anticipate and meet the academic,
research, and business needs of the Tufts community. TTS offers technical
leadership and services to our customers with a focus on providing
innovative solutions, delivering exceptional customer service, and creating
a reliable infrastructure that demonstrates value to the students, faculty,
staff, and alumni of Tufts University. TTS works in partnership with
schools, business units, and other academic support organizations to
provide campus-wide IT services in the areas of academic and research
technology, enterprise application systems and services, networking and
telecommunications, information security, data center operations, web
services, classroom and computer lab technology, and user support, training
and outreach.

TTS Research and Geospatial Technology Services (RGTS) is a university-wide
resource that covers all aspects of University-wide technology services and
programs in support of research across all 10 schools and 3 campuses. These
centralized core services include high-performance computing,
bioinformatics, visualization, networked storage, software licensing, and
virtualization in support of research, geospatial services, collaboration
and communication services, and grant planning.  By providing the Tufts
research community with the highest quality services and by anticipating
its technology needs, the goal of our directorate is to enable Tufts
researchers to become world leaders in their domain.

Reporting directly to the Director of Research and Geospatial Technology
Services (RGTS), the Senior Bioinformatics Specialist provides faculty and
student support for bioinformatics, high-performance computing (HPC) and
visualization services that are an important part of our research
technology service portfolio. Key responsibilities include: participating
in the planning process for developing, managing, and supporting the core
bioinformatics, HPC and visualization services that support research
activities at Tufts University, providing technical support and training,
providing consulting services to faculty, post-docs, and students from a
wide range of academic backgrounds ranging from biology to health sciences,
and from engineering to nutrition and serving as liaison with other TTS
directorates that participate to the successful delivery of our services to
the Tufts community. This is a highly technical position that requires a
strong research background in biomedical and/or quantitative science,
including a high level of expertise with bioinformatics algorithms,
databases, and analyses with a focus on next-generation sequencing to
enable the Tufts community to utilize research technology services to
achieve their academic and research goals.  Project management, data
management and the ability to coordinate and communicate between
programmers and wet-lab scientists is critical for success.

Required skills:
Job Description - Requirements : 
Basic Requirements:
    •  5 years of experience with at least 2 years of bioinformatics
experience in a higher-education, research, or scientific environment 
    •  Master's degree in a bioinformatics, biomedical or quantitative
science
    •  Experience in at least one of the listed bioinformatics domain:
microarray analysis (mRNA, miRNA), next generation sequencing (RNA-seq,
ChIP-seq, Exome-seq) or sequence, pathway and functional analysis.
    •  Strong understanding of research technology tools for
bioinformatics, high-performance computing (HPC) and visualization
including extensive experience with UNIX/Linux based systems.
    •  Experience with one or more widely used mathematical software
applications such as Matlab, R, Mathematica, Maple, Stata along with
experience in data visualization (e.g., Autodesk Maya) and management
software and practices.
    •  Experience using high-level programming languages such as python,
perl, java and C/C++.
    •  Experience managing and building public domain and open source
scientific software using the Apache, Linux, MySQL stack, as well as
working with HPC environments and queuing systems such as LSF, PBS, Moab,
Torque.
    •  Very strong research background in Bioinformatics and associated
research methodologies including relevant literature. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
    •  Strong interpersonal skills.
    •  Superb customer service and follow-up skills.
    •  Demonstrated experience in teaching and outreach and project
management skills.
    •  Previous experience providing direct support to diverse,
multi-disciplinary teams and students, instructors, or researchers from a
wide range of academic backgrounds.
    •  Working knowledge of basic web development and wikis.
    •  Ability to prioritize multiple concurrent tasks and meet demanding
deadlines.
    •  Comfortable performing a wide variety of tasks ranging from project
planning to consulting and technical support.
    •  Previous experience with developing services for faculty and
students including the development of sustainable business model with
associated financial modeling.
    •  Keen on picking up new knowledge and working on a wide variety of
projects.
    •  Ability to travel between all three Tufts campuses
(Medford/Somerville, Boston, Grafton).
Preferred Qualifications:
    •  PhD in a bioinformatics, biomedical or quantitative science and at
least 5 years of work experience
    •  Evidence of working directly with wet laboratories to perform
analyses
    •  Proven ability to interpret and analyze large data sets and present
results synthetically
    •  Working knowledge of biology, genetics, and cell biology
    •  Experience with presenting biological results to various internal
and external audiences
    •  Experience with R/BioC, GenePattern, Galaxy, or similar environments

    •  Competency in statistics with a focus on tools for bioinformatics
Special Work Schedule Requirements: 
    •  The majority of the work for this position is performed during
normal business hours Monday through Friday.  However, there may be an
occasional need to work during evening hours or on weekends.  
Tufts University is an AA/EO employer and actively seeks candidates from
diverse backgrounds.


Apply Here: http://www.Click2apply.net/zqfmw8n

Website for more information: http://www.Click2apply.net/zqfmw8n

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/17507#contact
