Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:14272
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 13948 invoked from network); 23 Mar 2014 22:37:17 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 23 Mar 2014 22:37:17 -0000
Received: (qmail 26777 invoked by uid 225); 23 Mar 2014 22:37:16 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 26773 invoked by alias); 23 Mar 2014 22:37:15 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-6.9 required=8.0
	tests=BAYES_00,RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_PASS,T_FILL_THIS_FORM_SHORT,T_FRT_PROFILE2
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Sun, 23 Mar 2014 15:37:13 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id 88F4942954; Sun, 23 Mar 2014 15:37:10 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Sun, 23 Mar 2014 15:37:10 -0700
Message-ID: <20140323223710.88F4942954@x3.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Information Analyst II (onsite), Philadelphia, PA
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/18492

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March 23, 2014

Job title: Information Analyst II

Company name: The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia

Internal ID: 32493

Location: Philadelphia, PA

Pay rate: DOE

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia is a national leader in advancing
health care for children. In addition to basic research into disease
processes and treatments, this role includes study of the delivery of care
to children, and the actual impact it has on their health. To support new
large-scale research projects, CHOP is collaborating with other children’s
hospitals to create a national pediatric learning health system (PEDSnet),
linked to other national networks in the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research
Institute’s PCORnet system. PEDSnet presents an exciting opportunity not
only to conduct new pediatric studies, but to create new ways to study
children’s health that are not possible at the single-site or
single-project level.

The Information Scientist will be a pivotal member of a team operating the
PEDSnet Data Coordinating Center anchored in CHOP’s Center for Biomedical
Informatics, working with other team members here and informatics experts
at other institutions to create an interoperable, reliable, and usable data
resource for network-wide research projects. Key roles will include (1)
semantic analyses of data, (2) constructing ETL processes to convert data
from electronic health records and other sources into a common data model,
(3) engineering and managing tools used to store and access PEDSnet data,
(4) assisting in development of federated query capability across the
network, and (5) developing datasets and code for specific research
projects. This work will be done under the guidance of project
investigators, and will involve participation in cross-institution
collaborative work groups.

Job Responsibilities
1. Data Management
• Participates in mapping of data from operational sources to PEDSnet data
model and terminologies, under guidance of informaticians.
• Develops and executes ETL specification based on these mappings in
partnership with data integration analysts.
• Monitors ongoing status of data repository, and bidirectional data flow
within collaborative network.
• Executes queries and constructs analytic datasets as needed for research
projects.
• Conducts information audits and develops and manages electronic
resources.
2. Scientific and Application Programming
• Configures, modifies, and extends data transformation, storage, and query
applications using the i2b2 and/or OMOP frameworks.
• Develops or modifies tools to support ETL, data quality analysis and
cleaning, and repository monitoring.
• Develops web applications to mediate reporting and querying, using
Harvest or similar frameworks.
• Makes use of version control and project managements systems in
collaborative informatics group.
3. Project Documentation and Training
• Produces detailed documentation for all assigned data projects -
documents all projects fully and completely.
• Ensures appropriate metadata are developed and recorded.
• Circulates current information issues to staff.
• Writes and edits technical reports.
• Trains colleagues and clients how to use specific information systems.

Required skills:
Education and Experience
• Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Informatics,
Information Systems, or related field.
• 3 or more years of experience.
• Proficiency in one or more programming languages, such as Perl, Python,
Javascript, Java, or C.
• Proficiency in working in Unix/Linux environment, using version control
systems such as git and Subversion, and other software development tools.
• Experience with integration of large and complex data sets.


All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient
care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are
granted a medical or religious exemption.

The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe
and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and
employees.  In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at The Children's
Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled
hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job
applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a
negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer).

The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer.
We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender
identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin,
disability or protected veteran status.

Desired skills:
• Experience in managing health care data preferred.
• Experience with i2b2 and/or OMOP preferred.

Additional Requirements
• Demonstrated knowledge of relational databases, complex data integration,
and database design.
• Strong interest in database architecture, data mining and business
analysis.
• Experience with analytic tools such as R, Stata, or SPSS a benefit.
• Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills.
• Very good oral and written communication skills.
• Ability to document procedures and specifications, and develop policies
and procedures in regard projects.
• Ability to perform work that is detailed and routine.
• Ability to work under stress and meet deadlines.
• Creativity and initiative in problem solving with consultative team but
significant independence.
• Team Oriented. Must be able to work effectively with complex and multiple
teams simultaneously.

Website for more information: http://www.chop.edu

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/18492#contact
