Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:149
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 60850 invoked by uid 1016); 7 Aug 2001 23:54:52 -0000
Date: 7 Aug 2001 23:54:52 -0000
Message-ID: <20010807235452.60849.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl Software Developer (onsite), United States, VA, Dulles
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/70

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August  7, 2001

Job title: Perl Software Developer

Company name: Comsys

Location: United States, VA, Dulles

Pay rate: Up to 100K

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: 3 months

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
COMSYS is a national IT project support and specialized project services
company that's driven to help our customers succeed -- whether they're
Fortune 500 companies, service organizations, or government agencies. We
provide highly trained IT professionals to help our customers meet their IT
objectives. Expand your range of opportunities by joining our team of IT
professionals. COMSYS has client locations throughout the United States. We
offer a COMSYS competitive benefits program consultants. COMSYS is an Equal
Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for
employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability,
military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected
under federal, state, or applicable local law. 

We are currently seeking to fill three positions for Senior Perl Developers
at a large communications company located in Dulles, VA. Contract length is
three to six months. 

Detailed Scope of Work:
* Implement Pulse monitoring and Autosys into reporting software
applications.
* Scale Redbrick databases and ETL staging processes to reduce total
processing and query time.
* Develop automated scripts to remove manual operational tasks to recover
and restart applications.
* Re-engineer medium to large-scale applications that have excessively high
recovery durations.



Required skills:
Required Skills:
3-5 years C
1-2 years Perl
1-2 Kornshell scripting
3-5 years CGI/Perl
3-5 years Database experience (writing SQL statements and extracting high
volumes of data)
Redbrick experience is a plus
3-5 years UNIX
2-3 years Web development experience
Candidate must have 3-5 years knowledge and experience with the full system
development life cycle. Must be able to write system design specs and
technical documentation.
Must have strong oral and written communication skills. Be
well organized and able to handle multiple simultaneous projects. Work well
on a team or as a team development lead on a large-scale project. Thrive in
a fast paced environment.


URL for more information: http://www.comsys.com/

Contact information:
Patty Brletic, Technical Recruiter, COMSYS, 800-926-6797, X3741. or send
your resume directly to pbrletic@comsys.com.


