Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:15190
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 13319 invoked from network); 6 Aug 2015 08:29:53 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 6 Aug 2015 08:29:53 -0000
Received: (qmail 1381 invoked by uid 225); 6 Aug 2015 08:29:53 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 1377 invoked by alias); 6 Aug 2015 08:29:53 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-1.9 required=8.0
	tests=BAYES_00,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from web1.develooper.com (HELO web1.develooper.com) (207.171.7.220)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Thu, 06 Aug 2015 01:29:50 -0700
Received: by web1.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id E66E82D2; Thu,  6 Aug 2015 08:29:46 +0000 (UTC)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Thu, 6 Aug 2015 08:29:46 +0000
Message-ID: <20150806082946.E66E82D2@web1.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Senior Perl Engineer - Cloud Computing (onsite), Brno, Czech Republic
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/18981

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August  5, 2015

Job title: Senior Perl Engineer - Cloud Computing

Company name: Netsuite

Location: Brno, Czech Republic

Pay rate: CZK

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: indefinite

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Assist Senior Development team to Evolve often minimally-defined client
business requirements into professional quality NetSuite OpenAir solutions
which satisfy not only that client, but have the flexibility and
customization to be used by clients with differing business processes and
needs.	These solutions may require the conceptualization, design and
implementation of a full-blown NetSuite OpenAir Module, they may require
evolving the system with architectural extensions or they may dictate a
minimal tweak to existing functionality. 

Support the Senior Development
team to scope out the impact of an implementation by considering all of the
necessary changes and any impact they may have on other parts of the
product.

Work in the NetSuite OpenAir development environment which is
defined by ASP deployment, a rapid release cycle and based on the “Extreme
Programming” software development discipline combined with the NetSuite
OpenAir operating principle of customer service orientation.  This
environment mandates that bug fixes impacting clients take precedence over
both quick on-demand enhancements and longer term “planned” development
initiatives.   It also means that quick on-demand enhancements often take
precedence over previously planned initiatives. The rapid release cycle
insures that features that are pushed out past a release date because of
this operating principle can be addressed in either the next scheduled
release or slip-streamed in the interim.  This environment insures that we
have a high level of confidence in setting client expectations.

Desired skills:
Responsibilities:


•	Support a variety of projects assisting with
requirements gathering and follow through to implementation. 
•	Work
closely with Senior Development staff and some key stakeholders both
internally and externally to assist with the delivery of solutions in a
timely manner.
•	Identify issues, and work with Senior Development
staff to resolve.
•	Research applications as well as new technologies
that may help drive the product forward or promote efficiencies.
•      
Learn new technologies and trends that may impact the product or company
and share these with your peers.
•	Design and develop technical high
quality solutions that promote code. 
•	Work closely with other
members of the NetSuite OpenAir engineering team to look for opportunities
to tune the NetSuite OpenAir architecture, product, and infrastructure to
further increase system reliability and performance.
•	Work with
large enterprise clients and their technical staff to isolate, diagnose,
and resolve performance issues specific to their use of this business
workflow product.
•	Learn the NetSuite OpenAir development
environment which is defined by ASP deployment, a rapid release cycle and
based on the “Extreme Programming” software development discipline combined
with the NS OA operating principle of customer service orientation.
•      
Scope out the impact of an implementation by considering all of the
necessary changes and any impact they may have on other parts of the
product.


Qualifications/Skills:

•	Support Change Guides both peers
and staff through changes in the business organization; keep them informed
and develop strategies, with the guidance of management team, for dealing
with resistance to change.
•	Research new technologies that can be
leveraged for improvements to the application or towards improvements in
efficiencies and make Senior Development team and management aware of
findings.
•	Work with Senior Development team to maximize efficiency
and harmony of operation for achieving end result.
•	Complete
projects and tasks on schedule with limited post deployment support issues.
•	Ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing with
NetSuite colleagues and some clients.
•	Professional business acumen
required with colleagues and customers.
•	Critical thinking, takes a
logical approach to analyzing problems, developing solutions, and
organizing work. Exercises sound judgment.
•	Work at a high level of
productivity.
•	Provide end to end software solutions with minimal QA
support.
•	Ability to learn how to prioritize Production Support as
the highest priority.
•	Ability to focus solutions that benefit the
needs of the many rather than those needs of the few.
•	Focus always
on the customer experience that is the core of our business and success.

Essential Technical Skills:
•	3 - 5 years Linux
•	3  - 5 years
Perl / mod perl
•	3 - 5 years MySQL
•	3 - 5 years JavaScript
Preferred Experiences:
•	Database
•	UE - user experience
•     
 Business process
•	Web/application architecture

Website for more information:
http://www.netsuite.com/portal/home.shtml?noredirect=T

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/18981#contact
