Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:15302
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 30965 invoked from network); 20 Nov 2015 23:21:35 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 20 Nov 2015 23:21:35 -0000
Received: (qmail 4419 invoked by uid 225); 20 Nov 2015 23:21:34 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 4415 invoked by alias); 20 Nov 2015 23:21:34 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-1.9 required=8.0
	tests=BAYES_00,SPF_PASS
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from web1.develooper.com (HELO web1.develooper.com) (207.171.7.220)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Fri, 20 Nov 2015 15:21:32 -0800
Received: by web1.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 545)
	id D3F801CF; Fri, 20 Nov 2015 23:21:28 +0000 (UTC)
To: jobs@perl.org
Reply-To: help@nutmegjobs.com
Date: Fri, 20 Nov 2015 23:21:28 +0000
Message-ID: <20151120232128.D3F801CF@web1.develooper.com>
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: SSH Public Key Management Architect/Engineer (onsite), Addison, TX
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/19932

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: November 17, 2015

Job title: SSH Public Key Management Architect/Engineer

Company name: Bank of America

Location: Addison, TX

Pay rate: TBD

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
This contract position is to join a team that will be responsible for
designing and developing a new framework to manage the entire life cycle of
SSH Public Keys. The project will solve issues such as automated discovery,
lock down, SSH configuration management, remediation of existing keys,
automated process management, etc.. Will be responsible for defining,
scripting/developing, and implementing the solution(s).



Work
Environment:

 

M-F 8am – 5PM
This group is very deadline oriented, but
with the amount of work on their plate- prioritization of what needs to get
done vs. what HAS to get done will be crucial. Candidate must be able to
work in a complex environment with initiative. 





Interview Information:

 

Send all submittals to Gayle Meehan. George Lee the Delivery Manager
will submit to hiring manager Mitchell Klein. Mitchell Klein to review
resume within 24 hours and then decide to interview candidate prior
scheduling an interview 





Who is the Internal/External Customer:



Internal to the Bank. 





Impact to the Internal/External Customer:



Secure Shell is a program to log into another computer over a network, to
execute commands in a remote machine, and to move files from one machine to
another. It provides strong authentication and secure communications over
insecure channels. It is a replacement for rlogin, rsh, rcp, and rdist. SSH
protects a network from attacks. 





Business Challenge:

 

The project
will solve issues such as automated discovery, lock down, SSH configuration
management, remediation of existing keys, automated process management,
etc. 





EVP:



This project is established to assist with the
continuation of Powerbroker/Vintela remediation to comply with corporate
security requirements across the Midrange server environment. Consultant’s
delivery management team shall provide oversight to the resources that
shall support tool modifications, as well as hardware and software
deployments throughout 2014. This role is extremely visible within the
bank. To work with one of the worlds leading banking institution.
TEKsystems global services has a team in place to assist with resource
management as well as a coordinator to help with seamless onboarding. The
relationships in place can offer continuous employment and the ability to
gain visibility into multiple projects at the bank. With a good standing -
managers often rotate resources which creates long term opportunity across
multiple domains within the organization. 





Non-Technical Skills:

 

Often times, candidates that are able to adapt will be successful vs.
someone who is very process driven and stuck in their ways. BOA needs
people that will research ideas/know how to get passed "red tape" and not
be afraid to ask questions. 





Why is position open?:

 

This contract
position is to join a team that will be responsible for designing and
developing a new framework to manage the entire life cycle of SSH Public
Keys.

Desired skills:
• Very strong UNIX/Linux OO Perl programming/developement including the
ability to read/write data to a database (preferred MySQL or Oracle), Web
Development, and parse data in XML/JSON 
• Has experience using
VNC/RealVNC, Gnome/KDE, Eclipse with Epic, perlcritic, TEST::More and
subversion 
• Strong engineering and architecture skills in a large
heterogeneous UNIX/Linux environment 
• Ability to create and automate
processes
•Detailed oriented individual that has strong analytical skills,
problem solving, and is a conceptual thinking
•Ability to work
independently with initiative. Willing to learn and self-motivated.
•Communication/documentation skills and willingness to work with others
•Competency with Microsoft Office applications: Outlook, Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, SharePoint, and OneNote

• Linux: understand SHELL’s, user
environment, log-in, navigation etc
(how to be a user in a Unix/Linux
environment; must be very comfortable)
• Putty/SSH (OpenSSH): can use it
•
SSH Keys: understands how to setup and use them.
• VNC: can use VNC to
operate a Linux desktop from a Windows VNC client
• Eclipse: has used an
IDE such as eclipse, we use eclipse
• Subversion: we use subversion via CLI
and Eclipse plug-in
• E.P.I.C: We use the EPIC Perl plug-in for Eclipse
(PERL Personality).
•PERL: Must know Perl!: read, write, eat, sleep Perl,
OOP, modules, TAP unit testing, POD, threads, Event processing etc. I can’t
stress this enough. The application is highly Object oriented, composed of
more than 130 custom modules each having POD. A candidate will be able to
contribute to the whole in the same way.
•The candidate will need to pass a
test. Primarily about Perl but includes a few questions about basic
computer science “design patterns”. 


 

This contract position is to join
a team that will be responsible for designing and developing a new
framework to manage the entire life cycle of SSH Public Keys. The project
will solve issues such as automated discovery, lock down, SSH configuration
management, remediation of existing keys, automated process management,
etc.. Will be responsible for defining, scripting/developing, and
implementing the solution(s).
 

Required Skills:
• Very strong UNIX/Linux
shell scripting (preferred Perl) including the ability to read/write data
to a database (preferred MySQL or Oracle), Web Development, and parse data
in XML/JSON 
• Strong engineering and architecture skills in a large
heterogeneous UNIX/Linux environment 
• Ability to create and automate
processes
• Detailed oriented individual that has strong analytical skills,
problem solving, and is a conceptual thinking
• Ability to work
independently with initiative. Willing to learn and self motivated.
•
Communication/documentation skills and willingness to work with others
•
Competency with Microsoft Office applications: Outlook, Word, Excel,
PowerPoint, SharePoint, and OneNote
 
Desired Skills:
• RedHat Enterprise
Linux 5+
• Experience of the SSH protocol and Public Key authentication
•
Familiar with SSH based software such as OpenSSH, putty, and/or Tectia
•
Familiar with BPM 2.0
• BS Degree in computer science, engineering or
related field 





Additional Information:

 

The developers will do the
following (and more) daily:

• Team meeting (most days, short)
• Use
windows and office tools and things like SharePoint, wiki etc (Problem/Task
web application)
• Use VNC (thin client for viewing remote LINUX desktop)
•
Use GNOME (Linux), portal into development environment
• Will be
comfortable using UNIX/Linux environment (as a user), I.E need to know
their way around. Do not need to be an admin but such experience helps
assure they know their way around.
• Use Eclipse IDE, on Linux (reason for
using VNC and Gnome)
• Use EPIC (Perl developer eclipse plug-in)
• Use svn
(subversion, CLI and Eclipse plug-in)
• Will write test scripts
• Will
document before coding
• Must know Perl OOP, our application is highly OOP
• Will read daily, application is highly modular, ability to read and
comprehend both code and POD will help them catch up (keep up)

One more
thing I thought of last night:
A PLUS!!
– Experience with “Jenkins”

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/19932#contact
