Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:160
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 41630 invoked by uid 1016); 23 Aug 2001 16:51:41 -0000
Date: 23 Aug 2001 16:51:41 -0000
Message-ID: <20010823165141.41629.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Programmer / Senior Programmer (onsite), United States, California, Palo Alto
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/78

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August 22, 2001

Job title: Programmer / Senior Programmer

Company name: Friendfinder, Inc.

Location: United States, California, Palo Alto

Pay rate: Open/Competitive

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Hungry for a new opportunity? Looking to get into a dot.com that is stable,
successful AND will not go under? Look no further! Friendfinder, Inc. the
leading global online relationship network, is looking for a
Programmer/Lead Programmer for its operations in Palo Alto, California. 
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 3-5	years in a programming
environment, with a STRONG emphasis on PERL. They should also have database
experience (SQL). The individual should also have a strong background in
HTML; we are looking for someone who really understands HTML presentation
and has a ?sense of style? to their HTML programming. Strong communication
skills are essential; the applicant, however, should be able to work as a
team of one, work with minimal supervision, and be able to drive projects
to completion on their own. The should truly enjoy programming and the
challenges associated with the task. For the position of lead programmer,
the person MUST have prior experience in a lead programmer role and have a
strong background in project management.

We offer a competitive salary, a  dynamic 401(k) program, medical and
health benefits, and a flexible and informal work environment where you are
rewarded for what you do, not for who you are. 

About Friendfinder, Inc.

Friendfinder,  Inc. was founded in 1996, by Andrew Conru.  Friendfinder,
Inc is the leading global online relationship network, allowing over 18
million registered members to confidentially and anonymously meet people
with similar interests and mindsets in a safe environment.  Founded in 1996
and privately owned, The Friend Finder Network operates with a staff of 160
from its corporate headquarters in beautiful Palo Alto, California.


URL for more information: http://www.friendfinder.com/

Contact information:
Please submit a Word resume to:
Adam Gersh
Friendfinder, Inc. 
friendfinder2001@aol.com


