Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:176
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 68982 invoked by uid 1016); 6 Sep 2001 12:07:57 -0000
Date: 6 Sep 2001 12:07:57 -0000
Message-ID: <20010906120757.68981.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Pittsburgh SQL intranet developer / team leader with Perl and SQL (onsite), United States, PA, Pittsburgh
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/97

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September  5, 2001

Job title:
Pittsburgh SQL intranet developer / team leader with Perl and SQL

Company name: A Pgh Tech company

Location: United States, PA, Pittsburgh

Pay rate: competitive

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
In a nutshell, we need a strong Perl script developer with SQL and some
formal database design experience. 

Description:   This position will join a team responsible for the
development and maintenance of an interactive data management system for
internal use. Position requires significant   experience with intranet
development using HTML, Perl, SQL, IIS or Apache.   DB2 on AS/400 is also
desired.  Experience in a windows environment needed.

Job:	You will be responsible for technical and functional analysis of
information systems, completing feasibility studies, designing	system
improvements and identifying interrelationships among systems in the
installed base; provides work direction to assigned staff  in  fulfillment
of these responsibilities. Devises or modifies procedures  to solve complex
problems; actively seeks to identify, with appropriate management, the
needs of clients and works to set priorities, plans,  and schedules based
on business needs and available resources. Monitors  progress and
recommends actions required to meet or improve schedules. Has full
knowledge of all phases of systems development, performs quality assurance
reviews. Assists in development, training and  evaluation of assigned
staff.


Required skills:
Knowledge:	  Qualifications: BA/BS with minimum 4 years progressively
responsible  experience within administrative computing environment;
demonstrated  experience leading a
technical team; excellent analytical skills; detailed knowledge of database
design and relational technology with demonstrable mastery ( you should
know the 1st-3rd normal forms ) -  experience with SQL, Perl and
programmatically generated HTML very highly desired. Demonstrated 
application of technology and leadership skills in creative and  innovative
ways; Knowledge of  MySQL, IBM DB2 on AS/400 and , thin client or web
driven applications development experience highly  desirable; some
knowledge of C, Linux, thin client or web driven applications a plus.
Experience with transactional or billing systems a plus.  Excellent verbal
and written communications skills, customer service orientation; ability to
identify client needs and propose  technological solutions; demonstrated
planning and organizational  skills, working knowledge of project
management, desktop; knowledge of  workflow and web tools a plus.


Desired skills:
Primary Skills	  : Database design, SQL,Perl  
Secondary Skills: HTML, MySQL, Linux,IIS,Apache  


Contact information:
To apply or for information, send resume, salary requirements, references
and a sample of your work 
( a small web-dbi  script or something )
Contact via email: PerlJob1@billheckel.com

No 3rd Parties please.	Only US Citizens or Authorized to Work for any
Employer
in the US.  

P.S.  Recruiters are 3rd parties, see above.




