Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:203
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 4238 invoked by uid 1016); 2 Oct 2001 01:00:51 -0000
Date: 2 Oct 2001 01:00:51 -0000
Message-ID: <20011002010051.4236.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Data Reduction Software Engineer (onsite), U.S.A., Hawaii, Hilo
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/122

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  1, 2001

Job title: Data Reduction Software Engineer

Company name: Joint Astronomy Centre

Internal ID: REC ID #21495-perl

Location: U.S.A., Hawaii, Hilo

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Three years

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The Joint Astronomy Centre operates two of the world's major telescopes
near the summit of Mauna Kea on the Big Island of Hawaii: the United
Kingdom Infrared Telescope (UKIRT) and the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope
(JCMT).

UKIRT is the world's leading telescope dedicated to work in the near and
thermal-infrared, and will play a major role in supporting the UK and
international astronomical communities in the era of 8-metre telescopes. 

The JCMT is supported by a range of state-of-the-art instrumentation,
including SCUBA and a range of SIS heterodyne receivers covering most of
the submillimetre spectral region. Future projects under construction
include the provision of a 16-element heterodyne array with a new digital
spectrometer and a next-generation continuum wide-field camera (SCUBA-2). 
Most of this work is carried out in collaboration with "well-found"
laboratories in the UK, Canada and the Netherlands. 

This is a limited term appointment of three years.

Duties:
Support and development of software for the JAC data reduction pipeline to
process infrared imaging and integral field unit data; support and
development of the high-level observing systems at the UKIRT and JCMT;
extension of the observation preparation tool and observation translation
system; interaction with the Observation Management Project team; assist
staff and observers with data analysis and operational support for the
existing high-level software systems at UKIRT and JCMT; pursue a program of
astronomical research using the UKIRT, JCMT and other facilities or in
computer software.


Required skills:
PhD in Astronomy (or related field) from an accredited college or
university. In exceptional cases, it might be acceptable to be in the final
stages of writing-up a thesis; Minimum of 2 years of astronomical data
reduction software.

Good working knowledge of UNIX and shell programming. Proficiency in the
Perl programming language and either Fortran or C. Good oral and written
communication skills.  Detailed knowledge of modern astronomical observing
methods and data reduction techniques, particularly those specific to
infrared data.	Excellent programming and problem solving skills using
scripting and other high level languages.  Must possess a valid driver's
license and be able to operate a 4- wheel drive vehicle with manual
transmission; must pass a high-altitude medical examination and be able to
work at 14,000 feet.  



Desired skills:
Formal education in software development. Experience in writing
object-oriented perl modules and/or Starlink applications. Extensive
experience in using the Starlink software collection.  Good working
knowledge of Java. Knowledge of Submillimetre and/or Integral Field Unit
data reduction techniques.


URL for more information:
http://www.jach.hawaii.edu/JAClocal/employment%20opportunities

Contact information:
For further details of requirements, duties etc. go to 
http://www.jach.hawaii.edu/JAClocal/employment opportunities or call Tim
Jenness at 808-969-6553.

Send cover letter (note ID #21495-perl) with narrative on your
qualifications for the position, resume with salary history, the names and
phone numbers of three work related references, and copy(ies) of diploma(s)
and/or certificate(s) used to qualify for position to the Director of Human
Resources, Research Corporation of the University of Hawaii, 2530 Dole
Street, Sakamaki Hall D-100, Honolulu, HI 96822, FAX 808-956-5022. Emailed
resume packets may also be submitted via www.CareerGiant.com.  Closing
Date:  31 October 2001.  EEO/AA Employer.

 





