Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:204
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 4359 invoked by uid 1016); 2 Oct 2001 01:02:12 -0000
Date: 2 Oct 2001 01:02:12 -0000
Message-ID: <20011002010212.4358.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Data Reduction Software Engineer (onsite), U.S.A., Hawaii, Hilo
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/123

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  1, 2001

Job title: Data Reduction Software Engineer

Company name: Joint Astronomy Centre

Internal ID: REC ID #21495-perl

Location: U.S.A., Hawaii, Hilo

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Three years

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The Joint Astronomy Centre operates two of the world's major telescopes
near the summit of Mauna Kea on the Big Island of Hawaii: the United
Kingdom Infrared Telescope (UKIRT) and the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope
(JCMT).

UKIRT is the world's leading telescope dedicated to work in the near and
thermal-infrared, and will play a major role in supporting the UK and
international astronomical communities in the era of 8-metre telescopes. 

The JCMT is supported by a range of state-of-the-art instrumentation,
including SCUBA and a range of SIS heterodyne receivers covering most of
the submillimetre spectral region. Future projects under construction
include the provision of a 16-element heterodyne array with a new digital
spectrometer and a next-generation continuum wide-field camera (SCUBA-2). 
Most of this work is carried out in collaboration with "well-found"
laboratories in the UK, Canada and the Netherlands. 

This is a limited term appointment of three years.

Duties:
Act as the primary contact for inquiries about JCMT data reduction
software.  Work with the software group to fix bugs, add features, write
new scripts, and upgrade and maintain existing software. Provide software
and support to investigate data quality, calibration and telescope
performance.  Investigate new image processing algorithms.


Required skills:
Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Astronomy, Image processing or related
field from an accredited college or university. An equivalent level of
experience and/or other postgraduate training is acceptable. In exceptional
cases, it might be permissible to be in the final stages of writing-up a
thesis; minimum of two (2) years experience in image processing and/or
astronomical data reduction software. Good working knowledge of UNIX.
Familiarity with at least one of the following: Perl, Tcl/Tk, Glish or
similar scripting languages.  Ability to support software written in a
traditional programming language such as C or Fortran.	Good oral and
written communication skills. Excellent programming and problem solving
skills using scripting and other high level languages

Must pass a high-altitude medical examination and be able to work at 14,000
feet.  


Desired skills:
Masters Degree in Computer Science, Astronomy, Image processing or related
field.	Formal education in software development. Detailed knowledge of
modern astronomical observing methods and data reduction techniques,
particularly those specific to submillimetre data. Experience with SURF,
AIPS++, and other astronomical data reduction packages.  Experience of the
Starlink Software Collection and its programming environment.  Knowledge
and experience of the Java programming languages and object-oriented
methods. Experience with databases and SQL. 

URL for more information:
http://www.jach.hawaii.edu/JAClocal/employent%20opportunities

Contact information:
For further details of requirements, duties etc. go to
http://www.jach.hawaii.edu/JAClocal/employent opportunities
or call Tim Jenness at 808-969-6553.

Send cover letter (note ID #21496-perl) with narrative on your
qualifications for the position, resume with salary history, the names and
phone numbers of three work related references, and copy(ies) of diploma(s)
and/or certificate(s) used to qualify for position to the Director of Human
Resources, Research Corporation of the University of Hawaii, 2530 Dole
Street, Sakamaki Hall D-100, Honolulu, HI 96822, FAX 808-956-5022. Emailed
resume packets may also be submitted via www.CareerGiant.com.  Closing
Date:  31 October 2001.  EEO/AA Employer.


