Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:205
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 20004 invoked by uid 1016); 2 Oct 2001 17:26:51 -0000
Date: 2 Oct 2001 17:26:51 -0000
Message-ID: <20011002172651.20003.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: onsite Perl developer for library electronic journal applications (onsite), United States, VA, McLean
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/124

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  2, 2001

Job title:
onsite Perl developer for library electronic journal applications

Company name: ORION Scientific Systems

Location: United States, VA, McLean

Pay rate: variable, dependent on skill level

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
As a talented, energetic software developer working with Internet and
intra-net technology, you know how quickly you can make an impact in the
global information marketplace.  At ORION Scientific Systems, we give you
the opportunity to thrive.    

Software developers in the ScienceServer group at ORION Scientific Systems
develop and enhance our
line of products that enable researchers, students and faculty around the
world to gain access to archives of electronic scientific literature
through custom designed intranet sites.  We integrate the best open source
solutions with our own information retrieval technology to deliver a suite
of tools that enable the development of high profile, large scale digital
libraries.  The British Library, the OhioLINK Consortium, and the United
States Patent and Trademark Office all use ScienceServer software. 

ORION Scientific Systems believes that our most valuable asset is its
employees. We offer generous and comprehensive benefits. Health, dental and
vision insurance benefits are fully company paid for all ORION employees
and their dependents.  We offer 401k matching, excellent education
reimbursement programs and vacation/holiday packages. 

Required skills:
Minimum 2 years experience in at least 3 of the following:
      - Application development using Perl or 'C' under UNIX (Solaris,
	HP-UX, AIX, Compaq Tru64 aka Digital Unix, Linux, you name it)
      - Information retrieval technology and text indexing
      - Bibliographic and full-text databases
      - Web publishing technology, such as Apache web server, CGI, XSLT
      - Structured markup languages such as SGML and XML and tools for
processing that data


URL for more information: http://www.scienceserver.com/jobs.htm

Contact information:
Noam Stopak
ORION Scientific Systems, Inc.
8400 Westpark Drive, Suite 200
McLean, VA 22102
jobs@orionsci.com
Fax: (703) 917-0394


