Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:207
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 96736 invoked by uid 1016); 4 Oct 2001 02:05:30 -0000
Date: 4 Oct 2001 02:05:30 -0000
Message-ID: <20011004020530.96735.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: (onsite N.VA) Perl developer for library electronic journal applications (onsite), United States, VA, McLean
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/124

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  3, 2001

Job title:
(onsite N.VA) Perl developer for library electronic journal applications

Company name: ORION Scientific Systems

Location: United States, VA, McLean

Pay rate: variable, dependent on skill level

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
As a talented, energetic software developer working with Internet and
intra-net technology, you know how quickly you can make an impact in the
global information marketplace.  At ORION Scientific Systems, we give you
the opportunity to thrive.    

Software developers in the ScienceServer group at ORION Scientific Systems
develop and enhance our line of products that enable researchers, students
and faculty around the world to gain access to archives of electronic
scientific literature through custom designed intranet sites.  We integrate
the best open source solutions with our own information retrieval
technology to deliver a suite of tools that enable the development of high
profile, large scale digital libraries.  The British Library, the OhioLINK
Consortium, and the United States Patent and Trademark Office all use
ScienceServer software. 

ORION Scientific Systems believes that our most valuable asset is its
employees. We offer generous and comprehensive benefits. Health, dental and
vision insurance benefits are fully company paid for all ORION employees
and their dependents.  We offer 401k matching, excellent education
reimbursement programs and vacation/holiday packages. 

Looking for candidates who currently reside in the DC Metropolitan and
surrpunding area.

Required skills:
Minimum 2 years experience in at least 3 of the following:
      - Application development using Perl or 'C' under UNIX (Solaris,
	HP-UX, AIX, Compaq Tru64 aka Digital Unix, Linux)
      - Information retrieval technology and text indexing
      - Bibliographic and full-text databases
      - Web publishing technology, such as Apache web server, CGI, XSLT
      - Structured markup languages such as SGML and XML and tools for
processing that data


URL for more information: http://www.scienceserver.com/jobs.htm

Contact information:
Noam Stopak
ORION Scientific Systems, Inc.
8400 Westpark Drive, Suite 200
McLean, VA 22102
jobs@orionsci.com
Fax: (703) 917-0394


