Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:211
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 3032 invoked by uid 1016); 9 Oct 2001 03:13:42 -0000
Date: 9 Oct 2001 03:13:42 -0000
Message-ID: <20011009031342.3031.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Senior perl hacker - automation farm infrastructure (onsite), United States, CA, Santa Clara
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/127

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  8, 2001

Job title:
Senior perl hacker - automation farm infrastructure

Company name: Transmeta Corporation

Location: United States, CA, Santa Clara

Pay rate: variable with experience

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: indefinite

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Automation Expert 

We're looking for a Unix-savvy programmer to develop, maintain, and extend
the infrastructure of several large, complex, automated test facilities.
Requires strong Linux background with Perl, C, network programming and
basic network administration knowledge.

This is a fun and challenging job which requires working with a large
collection of PCs, heavily networked, and at several levels in computer
systems, from application level (Perl, SQL) to OS (networking, Linux, Linux
internals), to network debugging.  

Skill Requirements:

 * High proficiency with Perl and C and have designed and written complex
programs in one or the other.  SQL programming experience would be a plus. 
Should also be able to generate html/cgi files from Perl scripts.
  
 * Strong Linux/Unix systems programming and administration experience and
skills, including familiarity with network programming, the Linux kernel,
and systems-level details.
 
 * Experience designing system infrastructures and tools.  Should be able
to design, plan, extend existing infrastructure into new areas as needs
change.
 
 * Linux proficiency: comfortable rooting around in /proc and /etc for
system information; happy to join together 5 shell commands with pipes to
get a direct answer to a complicated question. Should be able to recognize
a Linux kernel bug when they see one -- and know how to isolate it.

 * Should have some experience with creating and maintaining large
networked systems and demonstrate an appreciation of the importance of
uptime, scalability, recoverability, debuggability etc., as design criteria
for such systems.

 * Must be "customer-oriented", willing to accept developers' needs as
being the highest priority

 * Should be team-oriented, someone who enjoys working with and in a group,
jointly developing plans and priorities

 * Also needs to be self-motivated and with skills in designing and
extending complex systems.
 
 * Strong communication and interpersonal skills required


Work Experience:

 *  Considerable Linux/Unix systems programming and administration
experience, in a networked environment

 *  Considerable Perl programming

 *  A reasonable amount of Linux kernel-hacking experience

 *  A computing science degree would be strongly desirable.

We would generally expect a good candidate to have 4-5 years of strong work
experience in these areas.

This is not an entry-level job, nor would it appeal to someone mostly
interested only in applications development.

Required skills:
Expert perl knowledge required.  Knowledge of DBI.pm and CGI.pm desired.

Desired skills:
All of our infrastructure is written in perl, but every once in a while you
may be required to program in C for perl extensions.  Knowledge of xs is
desired.  Operating system internals, system administration, and general
linux knowledge is desired.

Contact information: clintdw@netcom.com


