Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:216
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 60799 invoked by uid 1016); 17 Oct 2001 05:20:24 -0000
Date: 17 Oct 2001 05:20:24 -0000
Message-ID: <20011017052024.60798.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: CGI / MySQL developer (onsite), UK, London
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/130

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October 16, 2001

Job title: CGI / MySQL developer

Company name: TrainingBoard

Internal ID: geek

Location: UK, London

Pay rate: £20k - £30k

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
WHO WE WANT
I'm looking for someone to share the load of developing a big CGI for a www
business that should have gone live last month (August actually).   The
project is fairly well scoped out - there's just a lot of it, too much for
me to do in the time available.   So I'm looking for somebody to add
weight.   There's a premium on speed and accuracy - creativity is a bonus,
but quick and neat are critical.   There's not very much rocket science in
the application: it's yer basic CGI.pm / MySQL / DBI / HTML::Template set
up.

WHO WE ARE
This splendid person would be working for me and a mate who together
constitute TrainingBoard.co.uk.   Andy, the mate in question, also runs a
small management consultancy, so the physical work environment would be an
office of a half dozen or so affable if transient non-IT people.  The space
(which we haven't moved into yet - it's in the hands of lawyers, but by the
time we hire we shd be there) is in Pall Mall.	 I would be there two days
a week (the rest of the week I'm in Cambridgeshire, though seldom more than
a telephone call away), so the right person would have to be able to
self-motivate some of the time.   Although the outline of the project is
fixed, my management style is to see whether someone is capable of doing
something and then let him / her get on with it (support when wanted as
against constant supervision), specifying results rather than methods.

WHAT WE'D OFFER
As to pay, we are open to suggestions.	 This could be a permanent (insofar
as anything is permanent in this world) position, particularly for someone
with a bit of sysadmin ability - we would like to pay less than £30k.	Or
we would be open to a shorter-term contractual arrangement, which might be
a bit more lucrative.	We'd be open to giving shares when things get going
a bit - at the moment they'd be worthless anyway.

WHAT WE'RE LIKE
Both I and Andy (the "mate" in question) are practising Christians - not in
a boring in-yer-face way, so this shouldn't be a negative for anybody, but
I mention it as it might be an added attraction for some people
(evangelising devil-worshippers perhaps...).   Our primary connection is
through international relief work (Somalia, Afghanistan and other lovely
places) - which I mention in the hope it would make the right person think
that he or she would fit in.   The social atmosphere would be relaxed and
open, and we are definitely interested in results not face time.

SUMMARY
This is a job for someone who can code quickly and accurately and wd like
to see a big project through to a conclusion in a finite period of time
(and then go on to the next thing).  It would probably suit a younger
person who has paid his / her dues and wants to do work with a bit more
responsibility and freedom.


Required skills:
SQL
HTML

Desired skills:
Linux
Apache
General sysadmin

Contact information:
Joshua Rey
jbr@ntlworld.com


