Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:240
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 36373 invoked by uid 1016); 8 Nov 2001 08:47:07 -0000
Date: 8 Nov 2001 08:47:07 -0000
Message-ID: <20011108084707.36372.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Red Hat mod_perl/DBI web engineer (onsite), United States, NC, RTP
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/147

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: November  7, 2001

Job title: Red Hat mod_perl/DBI web engineer

Company name: Red Hat, Inc

Internal ID: rhn-web-1

Location: United States, NC, RTP

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Job Title: Web Engineer

Red Hat is looking for some skilled web engineers to design, enhance,
and implement applications on the Red Hat web site.  You will work on
a global team to create a best-of-breed web site and implement web
services that support Red Hat's Open Source products and services.

The ideal candidate will have the following characteristics:

  1. Ability to learn.	Candidate must show they can adapt to the rapidly
     changing technology landscape.

  2. Ability to communicate.  Candidate must show that they can express
     ideas with elegance and flair.

  3. Mature technical ability.	Candidate must understand how the web
     works from a low to a high level.	Candidate must also understand
     how quality software is designed and constructed.	We want you
     to think as much as you code.

Other required skills:

   Four year degree or equivalent industry experience.

   Previous experience developing web applications,
   preferably for a high volume revenue based web site.

   Understanding and experience with object-oriented design and coding.

   Experience using Perl with Apache, preferably mod_perl directly.

   Understanding of relational database concepts and SQL (prefer
   Oracle)

   Experience with HTML and HTML tools, as well as XML and XHTML.

   Knowledge of basic Software Engineering concepts: development models,
   testing, documentation, and revision control.

Pluses:
       
   Knowledge of Red Hat's products and services.

   Understanding of Apache 1.3.x configuration.  Knowledge
   of Apache internals and C module development also a plus.

   Expert Perl programming experience including:
     Perl web applications under Apache and mod_perl,
     Apache modules, Perl modules, Perl OOP extensions.

   Languages: Java, Javascript, Python, PHP, C, C++

   Web Technology: XML, XSLT and XML-RPC; Internationalization;
     Applications Servers (HTML::Mason, Embperl, Apache::ASP, Zope,
     Zentropa, AxKit, Cocoon etc.); Search systems and concepts;
     cookies and authentication mechanisms

   Oracle database and Oracle Applications (ERP, CRM) Experience.


Required skills:
Perl, DBI, SQL, mod_perl, apache, modular design, caffeine tolerance, HTML

Desired skills:
Oracle, XML, OOP, Javascript, XSLT, Apache C modules

Contact information: Chip Turner <cturner@redhat.com>


