Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:243
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 88425 invoked by uid 1016); 10 Nov 2001 17:38:46 -0000
Date: 10 Nov 2001 17:38:46 -0000
Message-ID: <20011110173846.88424.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Pittsburgh, PA OpenInteract developer with SQL for intranet (part onsite), United States, PA, Pittsburgh
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/150

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: November  9, 2001

Job title:
Pittsburgh, PA OpenInteract developer with SQL for intranet

Company name:  A Pgh Tech company

Internal ID: js

Location: United States, PA, Pittsburgh

Pay rate: competitive

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Temp to perm

Hours: Full time

Onsite: some

Description:
 We need an OpenInteract developer who is very familiar with Perl and SQL
including some formal database design experience.

Description: This position will join a team responsible for the development
and maintenance of an interactive data management system for internal use.
Position requires significant experience with intranet development using
OpenInteract, HTML, Perl, SQL, and Apache/mod-perl. DB2 on AS/400 is also
desired. Experience in a windows environment needed with possible Linux
migration.

Job: You will be responsible for technical and functional analysis of
information systems, completing feasibility studies, designing system
improvements and identifying interrelationships among systems in the
installed base; provides work direction to assigned staff in fulfillment of
these responsibilities. Devises or modifies procedures to solve complex
problems; actively seeks to identify, with appropriate management, the
needs of clients and works to set priorities, plans, and schedules based on
business needs and available resources. Monitors progress and recommends
actions required to meet or improve schedules. Has full knowledge of all
phases of systems development, performs quality assurance reviews. Assists
in development, training and evaluation of assigned staff. 

Required skills:
 Knowledge: Qualifications: BA/BS with minimum 4 years progressively
responsible experience within administrative computing environment;
demonstrated experience on a technical team; excellent analytical skills;
detailed knowledge of database design and relational technology with
demonstrable mastery ( you should know the 1st-3rd normal forms etc. ) -
experience with OpenInteract, Template Toolkit, SQL, Perl and
programmatically generated HTML very highly desired. Demonstrated
application of technology and leadership skills in creative and innovative
ways; Knowledge of MySQL and IBM DB2 on AS/400, thin client or web driven
applications development experience highly desirable; some knowledge of C,
Linux, thin client or web driven applications a plus. Experience with
transactional or billing systems a plus. Excellent verbal and written
communications skills, customer service orientation; ability to identify
client needs and propose technological solutions; demonstrated planning and
organizational skills, working knowledge of project management, desktop;
knowledge of workflow and web tools a plus. 

Desired skills:
Primary Skills	 : OpenInteract, SQL, Perl, DBI
Secondary Skills : Database design, HTML, MySQL, Linux, Apache mod perl 
Did I mention Perl???




Contact information:
 To apply or for information, send resume, salary requirements, references
and a sample of your work
( a link to some OI pages or something interesting )

Contact via email: PerlJob2@billheckel.com 

No 3rd Parties please. Only US Citizens or Authorized to Work for any
Employer
in the US.

P.S. Recruiters are 3rd parties, see above. 



