Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:265
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 60775 invoked by uid 1016); 30 Nov 2001 13:42:30 -0000
Date: 30 Nov 2001 13:42:30 -0000
Message-ID: <20011130134230.60774.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Developer (onsite), United States, DC, Washington
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/170

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: November 29, 2001

Job title: Web Developer

Company name: TechGuard Security

Location: United States, DC, Washington

Pay rate: Based on Experience

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The Information Management Division is seeking a motivated individual to
serve as a Web Developer. This is a journeyman level position, and the
selected candidate will be primarily responsible for the development and
publication of web pages on the various unclassified and classified systems
of the NIMA Intelink Gateway Office.  As Web Developer, the individual will
work independently in support of their customer base.  The selected
candidate will be located at NIMA 's Washington Navy Yard complex.  The
individual will be organizationally assigned to the Web Management East
Branch (NIMA IS/DSNGC) where Web technology work is being performed, and
will receive technical direction for this position from the aforementioned
office. 

Duties include: interviewing customers for the purpose of generating web
requirements, developing HTML and PERL/JavaScript/ColdFusion source code
scripts to perform the user-requested web functions, receiving
user-generated documents in various digital forms to post to the existing
web sites, performing digital data conversions; i.e., Word to PDF,
developing web graphics using a variety of software application products to
enhance the web sites, establishing the necessary hyperlinks between web
pages, and performing overall web site quality review checks and testing.
Troubleshooting and fault resolution of broken links and other Web hosting
discrepancies will be required. Compliance with the NIMA Style Guide and
Section 508 of the American Disabilities Act of 1998 is required. With a
constant demand for new products and applications to serve NIMA's
information, the candidate must be able to learn current processes, as well
as play an operational part of any new technology insertion. 

Required skills:
: Applicant must have good oral and written communications skills. The
selected candidate should posses strong interpersonal skills to function in
a fast-paced customer oriented team environment where priorities change
very rapidly. Individuals applying for this position should have excellent
proofreading and editing skills. Recent Web/Internet technology experience,
training, and related course work are highly desirable. A background and
working knowledge in computer operating systems (UNIX and Windows NT/2000),
basic network fundamentals, web databases,-and web-based technologies are
required. Individual should have experience or knowledge designing,
developing, testing, publishing, and posting Web pages for concurrent use
by both Netscape and Internet Explorer browsers. Individual should be
familiar with web database technologies, and the candidate must have
experience in at least seven of the following areas: HTML,
JaveScript/Applets, CGI scripting language, PERL, SQL, Sybase, MS Access,
Oracle, ColdFusion, and Visual Basic programming languages and database
system. The candidate is also requested to possess the skill of application
software used in the development of web graphics. 

Desired skills: Perl experience is HIGHLY desirable.

Contact information: johnny.flores@techguardsecurity.com


