Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:281
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 25556 invoked by uid 1016); 26 Dec 2001 17:01:50 -0000
Date: 26 Dec 2001 17:01:50 -0000
Message-ID: <20011226170150.25555.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Newbie-friendly-administrable web site creation/customization for massive user base (telecommute), United States, Utah, Vernal
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/182

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: December 25, 2001

Job title:
Newbie-friendly-administrable web site creation/customization for massive
user base

Company name: CreateAMag Incorporated

Location: United States, Utah, Vernal

Pay rate: Negotiable salary

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: Short-term, approx. two weeks

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
I am looking for highly dedicated PERL programmers to create a web site
which will contain scripts made to allow newbie users to control the look
and design of a personal web-based magazine they will create themselves on
an individual basis.  Each user shall be allocated an initial amount of 10
MB of server space.

This will be a pay-based service for users, so one or more methods of
payment must be made accessible for them.

Each user shall be able to choose their own username and password, given
that that username does not already exist.

Furthermore, the user may change the design of their web site at any time
so a function must be created where the content of their site will be
dumped into a new design.

Also, the ability to upload images in GIF and JPEG format should be made
available as well as the option to create a link to these files with a
resized version of the images.

Naturally, a set of administration scripts must be made for the
administrator of the entire site.  Some of these include access to
usernames and passwords, the allocation (or revocation) of addition server
space, the ability to limit certain users' abilities, the
creation/modification/deletion of accounts, and the ability to send e-mail
notices to some or all users.

Required skills:
No skills other than HTML and decent PERL programming are required.  No
Java, Javascript, or any other non-HTML/PERL code should be used anywhere
on this site, but support for users to add code of this type to their
content should be allowed.

Contact information:
CreateAMag Incorporated
ATTN: Sean Robinson
nz17@quik.com


