Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:284
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 10574 invoked by uid 1016); 3 Jan 2002 22:29:18 -0000
Date: 3 Jan 2002 22:29:18 -0000
Message-ID: <20020103222918.10573.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Senior Software Developer (onsite), Canada, Ontario, Toronto
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/185

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January  2, 2002

Job title: Senior Software Developer

Company name: Exegenix Research Inc.

Location: Canada, Ontario, Toronto

Pay rate: commensurate with experience

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Exegenix Research is a Canadian software developer, with offices in
Toronto, Ontario. Exegenix provides practical, cost-effective content
access and conversion technology
for multiple electronic formats, empowering XML application adoption and
deployment across organizations of all sizes.

We have an opening in our Development Group. The successful candidate will
be a very experienced software developer who has worked in an
object-oriented
environment, and has worked in a UNIX environment. This is a new position
being added to a small group of developers working mostly in
object-oriented Perl. The
responsibilities of this position will include providing technical
leadership within one of the development teams, participating in software
design, and helping to nurture and maintain sound development practices.

This is a small team of developers. Our approach to software development
borrows from the Extreme Programming model. These practices include: heavy
use of team work
and collaboration; large percentage of time spent on design; document,
testing and coding in small increments; frequent builds; heavy dependence
on regression testing.

Required skills:
-computer science degree, or other technical degree; 
-at least 5 years experience in software development; 
-fluency in object-oriented Perl; good knowledge of C, C++ or Java; 
-substantial experience working in a UNIX environment; 
-knowledge of UNIX tools.

The following qualities are essential to this position:

-great programming skills; 
-leadership ability; 
-excellent analytical skills; 
-good judgement; 
-ability to be self-directed but still be part of a team. 

Desired skills:
-experience with XML/SGML or related technologies; 
-knowledge of typography or desktop publishing; 
-MSWindows or Macintosh programming experience;

URL for more information:
http://www.exegenix.com/corporate/employment/sen011219.php

Contact information:
We thank all applicants for applying, but regret that we can only respond
to those applicants selected for interviews. While we welcome applications
from all qualified applicants, it will be the responsibility of any
successful applicant who is not a Canadian citizen or landed immigrant to
obtain the necessary work permit.

Please reply with a cover letter which refers to this posting and a résumé
(preferably in plain text or HTML) to:

email:	hr@exegenix.com


