Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:290
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 47442 invoked by uid 1016); 8 Jan 2002 16:50:23 -0000
Date: 8 Jan 2002 16:50:23 -0000
Message-ID: <20020108165023.47441.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Database Administrator (onsite), United States, New Jersey, Hoboken
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/190

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January  8, 2002

Job title: Database Administrator

Company name: Colonize, Inc.

Internal ID: colhnj005

Location: United States, New Jersey, Hoboken

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The Database Administrator will report to the VP, 
Technology. The DBA will maintainexisting MySQL databases, perform backup
and recovery functions, provide general system administration support and
troubleshooting.
Must be organized and have the ability to multi-task.
Must have experience designing and building RDBMS data 
storage and retrieval systems for robust, high-volume web 
systems. 
Must be proficient in database maintenance and development (SQL stored
procedures/triggers, etc.).


Responsibilities include:
- Work closely with the VP, Technology to develop the 
strategy for enterprise database management
- Evaluate design and performance of existing databases
- Recommend and implement design changes to existing 
databases to rationalize design and achieve maximum 
performance
- Document existing data models
- Develop admin and site tools using Perl
- Design new data structures in conjunction with 
application developers
- Implement and manage the data dictionary systems
- Attend appropriate technology and industry meetings

Position Requirements:
- 5+ years commercial experience administering one or more 
of the following relational databases:

 MySQL
 DB2
 Postgres
 Oracle
 
- Experience with command line admin utilities.
- 3+ years commercial experience writing SQL queries.
- 3+ years of commercial experience as a DBA in a Linux 
environment.
- Experience with Perl and Perl modules such as DBI.
- Commercial experience with performance tuning in MySQL.
- Ability to create and modify ER diagrams and similar 
tools.
- Solid understanding of rules of normalization.
- Excellent analytical, communication and interpersonal 
skills.

Please visit our online recruiting site at http://pleaseapply.to/colonize
to view this and other positions and to submit your resume.


Required skills:
Database administration experience with open source RDBMS.
Perl programming with DBI.
Linux/Unix.


Desired skills:
Knowledge of data dictionary systems


URL for more information: http://pleaseapply.to/colonize

Contact information:
Human Resources
Colonize, Inc.
hr@colonize.com



