Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:300
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 42036 invoked by uid 1016); 18 Jan 2002 21:38:04 -0000
Date: 18 Jan 2002 21:38:04 -0000
Message-ID: <20020118213804.42035.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Sr. Systems/Applications Administrator (onsite), United States, CA, Mountain View (Moffett Field)
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/198

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January 18, 2002

Job title: Sr. Systems/Applications Administrator

Company name: Raytheon at NASA Ames

Internal ID: 02-105

Location:
United States, CA, Mountain View (Moffett Field)

Pay rate: negotiable

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: longterm

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
This senior level technical position provides technical work for the System
Administration and Application Support for the production IT Infrastructure
areas that Raytheon supports at NASA Ames Research Center.  The primary
role is to support existing systems and applications, and to assist in
architecting new IT infrastructure services. A key secondary role is to
mentor junior staff to achieve overall group technical excellence.

Duties include performing technical work in the day-to-day production
system operations, production application support and production system
engineering. Most of the production systems are SUN Solaris based.  Other
systems include SGI IRIX, Cobalt, Mirapoint/OS, and various PC based
systems running WinNT/2000, Linux, and Compaq Tru64.  Applications used in
production support include relational databases, Netscape Director Server
4.12, Steltor CorporateTime, Apache, Netscape Enterprise, Veritas Backup
System, LDAP and X.500 Directories, and sendmail.  Electronic messaging
includes SMTP Relaying, POP, IMAP and Web Mail.  Additional duties will
include assisting in architecting Center/NASA IT infrastructure services
and capabilities, providing technology assessments, participating in NASA
working groups, developing position papers and specification, and
participating in technical forums. Duties will also include writing and
maintaining shell and PERL scripts in addition to, maintaining host and
application level security.

Required skills:
The ideal candidate will have: 
1.	BSCS/EE degree or have equivalent experience; a minimum of 6 years
of experience with complex information technology (IT) assignments; 
2.	Experience with Sun Solaris, Linux, and Compaq Tru64 Unix as well
as exposure to SGI IRIX and WinNT/2000
3.	Experience installing and maintaining the common applications
listed above.  
4.	The individual will also have the ability to work with
multi-functional technical teams and management, to work with a range of
vendors, and to assist with the acquisition of key technology components.
5.	The candidate must be proficient in PERL programming, be familiar
with SNMP, and have experience establishing host and application level
monitors as required. 
6.	Extensive host and application level security.
7.	Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Experience working in a government environment is a plus.

US Citizenship required.
Equal Opportunity Employer.

URL for more information: http://fips.itss.raytheon.com/

Contact information:
Email resume to raytheon@mail.arc.nasa.gov
or fax to 650-604-1903.



