Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:303
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 9437 invoked by uid 1016); 21 Jan 2002 08:05:38 -0000
Date: 21 Jan 2002 08:05:38 -0000
Message-ID: <20020121080538.9436.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: mod_perl/CGI programmer (telecommute), United Kingdom, Cleveland, Middlesbrough
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/199

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January 20, 2002

Job title: mod_perl/CGI programmer

Company name: Internet Images

Location: United Kingdom, Cleveland, Middlesbrough

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
The intention is to develop a management system which will allow browser
based administration to our clients in order to manage and manipulate
contract details which can be viewed either via the Internet or to internal
members of staff via the Intranet.

General Specifics

Browser based Administration System.
Administrators to be able to access system by username and password and to
have limited access to contracts to which their individual departments have
control.
Overall Administrators Access which will allow access to any contract and
to be able to add administrators and users to the system.
Each Administrator will have the ability to add, remove, edit, and view
contracts within their departments.
The ability to flag contracts which are due for renewal or those which
require work, possibly date driven.
To upload text file or other into the system which will contain additional
information about the contract? This will need to be carried out from
within the browser, the files will have to be uploaded from the network or
PC and will need to be linked from the relevant contract.
Simple backing up of all data by the overall administrator

Required skills:
Perl of course, as we are wholly unsure of the definitive skills for the
project we would expect the programmer and ourselves to be satisfied that
the contract could be fulfilled by both parties as per full spec

Desired skills:
Must be UK based and have portfolio/resume outlining experience.

Contact information: graham@tecknet.net


