Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:317
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 71026 invoked by uid 1016); 3 Feb 2002 21:30:29 -0000
Date: 3 Feb 2002 21:30:29 -0000
Message-ID: <20020203213029.71025.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: 3rdkind Virtual Office Project (telecommute), United Kingdom, Manchester
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/215

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: February  3, 2002

Job title: 3rdkind Virtual Office Project

Company name: 3rdkind Music Production

Internal ID: Lorenz Kirchner

Location: United Kingdom, Manchester

Pay rate: Contract

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
THE FOLLOWING IS WRITTEN FROM THE USER'S PERSPECTIVE:

3rdkind needs a (PERL driven) database for accounts payable, accounts
receivable,jobs, clients, schedules, staff and suppliers. Additionally, a
diary function is required. It is necessary to be able to import
spreadsheet data to enter multiple records created offline. Data can also
emailed to the database. all financial data must go through a verifying
process where an administrator checks and compares the accounts with
statements and receipts etc...
The databases will be accessed via a web browser including  palmOs based
browsers.

Accounts payable
users can add an entry	specifying an amount, time due, time received, a
category (it must also be possible to add categories) a note, a tax rate
and an invoice reference. The user can link the entry to an entry in one of
the other database. It must be possible to specify a repeat date and
frequency, and link those to the schedule file

Accounts receivable
users can add an entry	specifying an amount, time due, time paid, a
category (it must also be possible to add categories) a note,  a tax rate
and an invoice reference. The user can link the entry to an entry in one of
the other database. It must be possible to specify a repeat date and
frequency, and link those to the schedule file

Jobs file
users can add an entry specifying a client (from client file) a category, a
budget (from accounts receivable) a description. The user must be able to
link entries for expenses from accounts payable, entries for work schedules
to schedules, entries for staff employed from staff
and entries for suppliers (i.e. Studios) to suppliers

Client file
The user can add an entry specifying a name, an address & contact, a
company or band, a category and a note. It must be possible to show a job
history, a history (link to schedule file) of accounts payable/receivable.

Schedule file
users can add an entry	specifying a date, a time from, a time to, a
location (i.e. home or at a studio -> link to supplier file), staff (from
staff file) a category and a note. It must be possible to link to jobs
file.

Staff file
The user can add an entry specifying a name, address & contact, account
details, standard hourly rates, tax code. It must be possible to view a
history (link to schedule file) of accounts payable, and jobs 

Suppliers file
The user can add an entry specifying a name, company, address & contact,
description, category, rate, note.  It must be possible to view a history
of accounts payable, schedule and jobs



Required skills: MySQL, PERL, HTML, LINUX, ...

Desired skills: XML, FLASH, ...

URL for more information: http://www.3rdkind.net/

Contact information:
Lorenz Kirchner
3rdkind Music Production
Tel.: ++44(0)161 798 0456
lorenz@3rdkind.net



