Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:337
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 15028 invoked by uid 1016); 13 Feb 2002 17:57:26 -0000
Date: 13 Feb 2002 17:57:26 -0000
Message-ID: <20020213175726.15027.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Contract Web Application Programmer (perl/Mason/SQL) (part onsite), United States, CA, San Mateo
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/233

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: February 12, 2002

Job title:
Contract Web Application Programmer (perl/Mason/SQL)

Company name: Cogneo

Location: United States, CA, San Mateo

Pay rate: depends on qualifications

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (hourly)

Hours: Part time

Onsite: some

Description:
Cogneo (www.cogneo.com) a growing web and print design firm, is looking
for a talented contract application programmer.  Located in downtown San
Mateo (near Caltrain), Cogneo offers competitive pay, professional
growth, and a dynamic working environment.

- Develop components for several existing modperl/Mason based web sites.
- Assist in other technical duties related to the sites as the need
  arises.
- Report to Principal, Office Manager and Managing Director.
- Work under the technical guidence of the Senior Engineer.
- Maintain regular daily hours starting at no later than 11:00am.
- Provide Weekly Status Reports on key client activities, stake holders
  and staff (day and time TBD).  Includes information on: new client
  contacts, any new projects, changes to current projects, status of
  human and physical resources, overall project status (green, yellow
  or red flags).
- Maintain Project Specifications, and Timeline for all projects and
  keep client apprised of any and all changes.
- Produce reports on technical options for back end site work.
- All work must be precluded by written approval from the client in the
  form of a P.O. or email approval and a technical / creative brief
  with principals.
- Maintain a high level of communication with principals.  This means
  daily briefs on current status.
- Submit hours with details daily.
- Reserve time for providing full billing details to the Office Manager
  AS PROJECTS ARE  COMPLETED.  There will be no exceptions to this
  requirement.	Billing for projects must be completed immediately at
  interim periods and upon project completion.


Required skills:
Candidate must have the following skills:
- Extensive understanding of perl, including references, complex data
  structures and object syntax
- Basic understanding of HTML and HTTP
- Basic understanding of the unix environment (ability to work from the
  shell)
- Familiarity with SQL


Desired skills:
In addition to these requirements, preference will be given to
candidates according to the following areas:
- Experience working in modperl environment
- Experience with MySQL database
- Familiarity with perl Mason
- Familiarity with Apache configuration directives


Contact information:
Interested parties, please email your resume and cover letter to:
janki@cogneo.com or fax to 650-347-1797.



