Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:357
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 14101 invoked by uid 1016); 5 Mar 2002 06:05:46 -0000
Date: 5 Mar 2002 06:05:45 -0000
Message-ID: <20020305060545.14100.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Sr. Statistical Analyst (Perl, SAS, Unix) (onsite), United States, California, Pasasena
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/253

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March  4, 2002

Job title:
Sr. Statistical Analyst (Perl, SAS, Unix)

Company name: Overture

Internal ID: Stats

Location: United States, California, Pasasena

Pay rate: 70K - 95K....depending on experience

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Full-time

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
  

Overture (formerly GoTo) is a world-class organization that has the people
and infrastructure to become one of the most important Internet companies
in the world. Over the past four years, Overture has created a scalable,
hard-to-replicate business that provides high quality, relevant search
results to tens of thousands of Web site and portal partners. In fact,
recent alliances with America Online (AOL), Terra Lycos and AltaVista have
extended its reach to approximately 75 percent of the U.S. Internet
population.  Our headquarters are located in Pasadena, CA and we can be
found online at www.overture.com.  

Sr. Statistical Analyst -  (Perl, Unix, SAS)

Location: Pasadena, CA

Job description:
Statistical analyst will perform descriptive and inferential statistics
on very large data sets as well as be very much involved in various
systems analysis and risk management modeling work.  The position 
involves querying databases, writing and maintaining software to
process the data and creating/using statistical software for modeling.
The position also involves helping internal customers develop
methodologically sound measures of success.


Required skills:

Qualifications: 
5+ years experience in data mining, modeling or forecasting.
B.S. in statistics, computer science, or related discipline. 
Experience creating unix shell scripts, Perl programs, SQL queries.
On the modeling front, this position requires
experience with both retrospective and prospective modeling.
Experience using revision control software, like CVS.  In addition to
being solid in software related to data processing and analysis,
this position requires knowledge of how the Internet works:
routers & switches, TCP/IP (basic knowledge), HTTP (moderate knowledge),
and application servers (moderate knowledge).



Desired skills:
SAS knowledge a plus.  Preference provided to qualified candidates with
experience in
fraud detection and risk management applications. Neural net software
experience a plus. This position must comply with the Overture Security
Policy and Insider Trading Policy.Job Description:


We offer an excellent benefits package that starts your first day on the
job.  This includes: a 401K Plan, Medical (HMO & PPO), Dental & Vision
benefits, 2 weeks paid vacation, 3 weeks after 2 years, 8 sick days, Short
& Long Term Disability Insurance, Life Insurance, Flexible Spending
Account, Employee Assistance Program, Stock Option Plan and Employee Stock
Purchase Plan.	Employees enjoy a casual dress and fun team environment. 




URL for more information: http://www.overture.com/

Contact information:
If interested, please send a copy of your resume as an attachment to:
merrittq@overture.  Direct dial 626-685-6140.


