Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:378
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 65889 invoked by uid 1016); 21 Mar 2002 08:42:58 -0000
Date: 21 Mar 2002 08:42:58 -0000
Message-ID: <20020321084258.65888.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Independent Contractor -- Telecomute:  PERL DBI MySQL (telecommute), United States, CT, New Haven
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/272

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March 21, 2002

Job title:
Independent Contractor -- Telecomute:  PERL DBI MySQL

Company name: rackAID

Internal ID: 100

Location: United States, CT, New Haven

Pay rate: Negotiable

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: Until Job Completion

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
rackAID is a computer consulting service providing administration and
support for linux systems, web servers and databases.  We are interested in
a person with MySQL/DBI experince to write a very basic client to take data
from a PERL hash and send it to a MySQL database on another server. 
Security is very important as well as internal configuration checks to
insure that the program is configured properly.   The program should also
use a few add-on modules as possible.  This script will be included in a
larger product we are developing.  Developer agrees to transfer all
copyrights to rackAID and sign a non-disclosure agreement. 

Required skills:
Detailed knowledge of PERL.
Detailed knowledge of PERL DBI.
Working knowledge of MySQL.
Working knowledge of RedHat Linux.


Desired skills:
Attention to security and details a plus.  


Contact information:
If you are intrested in this position, please email:
sales@raqaid.com.  In the initial inquiry, please provide:
Name
Phone Number
Email Address
Years of experience in PERL.
Years of experience in DBI/MySQL.
Thank You,
Jeffrey Huckaby
rackAID


