Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:392
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 770 invoked by uid 1016); 14 Apr 2002 04:04:09 -0000
Date: 14 Apr 2002 04:04:09 -0000
Message-ID: <20020414040409.769.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: volunteer for educational site (telecommute), United States, CA, Pleasanton
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/287

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April 13, 2002

Job title: volunteer for educational site

Company name: David Higgins

Location: United States, CA, Pleasanton

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: 2mths - 2yrs

Hours: Part time

Onsite: no

Description:
Ok, I'm revisiting an earlier dot-com product that got caught up in the
frenzy and lost perspective. The good news is that most of the research,
contacts, etc., were created, to make a good product, but lost focus (short
story). 

If you are pretty good with perl, or have a decent understanding but would
see this as an opportunity to build on your skills, this may be a good
volunteer opportunity for you. 

The product is purely web-based, and will be offered for free to
high-school students indefinitely. 

There is no pay. What you get in return is a sense of satisfaction,
providing to the community (world-wide), and perhaps additional skills and
something to add to the resume. 

The environment is linux. I have the server (hosted by friend), bandwidth,
domain name, MRD, functional specs (to some extent), demo (static), flow
charts, and business plan (so you can see how we compare to whats currently
being offered). In short, mostly everything that is needed to create the
product. But this time will be taken very slowly and casually. ;-) 

To respond, please give me a brief blurb about yourself, naturally your
programming skills, and how much time you can spend on the project. I
figure that it'd take about 5 hours a week for 2 months to launch version
1.0.  While this doesn't have to be done within 2 months, willingness to
commit to a similar level is needed.

Regarding me, I have been involved with the Internet since '94, including
quite a bit of time spent at Netscape. I'm quite comfortable with
marketing, bus dev and creating awareness, as well as doing functional
specs and detailed work. 



David 

Required skills:
the original beta version simply used perl for most things, including
database functions, we stored info in flat text files, but if you know
mySQL (I'm only interested in broadly available and known technologies and
languages), it would be a plus.

This educational site is very form driven, some level of HTML would be
required to interact with the forms.  Myself or another can do the design.

Desired skills:
this educational site involves a simulated economic game, so some level of
comfort with business and economics would be a plus

Contact information:
David
madeofcoffee@yahoo.com


