Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:419
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 38220 invoked by uid 1016); 15 May 2002 16:18:56 -0000
Date: 15 May 2002 16:18:56 -0000
Message-ID: <20020515161856.38219.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: ATS Engineer (Sr. Perl Developer with Unix Admin experience) (onsite), Japan, Tokyo
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/317

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: May 15, 2002

Job title:
ATS Engineer (Sr. Perl Developer with Unix Admin experience)

Company name: Overture

Location: Japan, Tokyo

Pay rate: Very Competitive

Travel: 25-50%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Full-time

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
 
 

Overture (formerly GoTo) is a world-class organization that has the people
and infrastructure to become one of the most important Internet companies
in the world. Over the past four years, Overture has created a scalable,
hard-to-replicate business that provides high quality, relevant search
results to tens of thousands of Web site and portal partners. In fact,
recent alliances with America Online (AOL), Terra Lycos and AltaVista have
extended its reach to approximately 75 percent of the U.S. Internet
population.  Our headquarters are located in Pasadena, CA and we can be
found online at www.overture.com.  

Affiliate Technical Services Engineer- Japan (Sr. Perl Developer with a
strong Unix background)

Location: Tokyo , Japan
	
Job Description: 

The Affiliate Technical Services Engineer (ATS- Japan) is responsible
for all technical aspects throughout the Partner life-cycle.

1. Contract Phase - This is the initiation phase, working with Business
Development.  This person will provide the Partner with the technical
benefits of working with Overture.  Tasks include due diligence on
Partner systems, technical needs, XML experience level, technical
organizational structure.  The ATS person is key in the SLA discussions
and design of this portion of the contract.

2. Requirements Definition - During this phase, the ATS person will
support the Corporate team in defining all technical requirements to
meet and exceed our partner needs.  The ATS person will also drive the
escalation and communication requirements by partner.

3.Build - ATS leads the build of the XML feeds, and insures that the
requirements of the service are met, as defined by item 2.  The ATS
person represents the Partner for related technical activities, e.g.
colocation, XML processor design changes, fail over plans, monitoring
projects, Partner technical performance report build.

4. Support - This person will lead the technical relationship at the
Partner including activities such as Technical performance reviews with
Partners,  Technical Incident communication with Partners, Level 3
escalation for partner technical issues, SLA metric tracking.

The Japanese ATS will be part of a cross-functional team that owns the
relationship and management of multiple Partners.  The team is comprised of
Business Development, ATS and Corporate Partner Product Manager.

The ideal candidate must be able to function remotely (based in Japan,
while communicating with corporate operations), within a highly matrixed
environment.  Communication and presentation skills are a must
written and verbal in both Japanese and English are required.	
Analytical skills The successful candidate will have the ability to lead
and provide prioritization in a hands-on manner.


Required skills:
	
Required Technical Skills
·5+ years experience in designing and developing search solutions using
 Perl/C/Java on UNIX platforms required.
·5+ years of experience with data management, relational or
 object-oriented systems (Oracle) required
·Excellent knowledge of modern software systems engineering and
 experience in building distributed component-based software solutions.
·Superior research, investigation and evaluation skills
·Superior analytic and mathematical abilities
·Deep and effective skill and experience regarding system behavior



Desired skills:
Personal
·Strong people skills, proactive, and goal-oriented
·BA/BS in Computer Science or other Engineering or Science
·Fluency in English required; Japanese highly desired

Highly Desired Skills
·Business Experience with Japanese firm
·Experience in the Internet Search Sector
·Bi-lingual Presentation & Communication Skills
	
We offer an excellent benefits package that starts your first day on the
job.  This includes: a 401K Plan, Medical (HMO & PPO), Dental & Vision
benefits, 2 weeks paid vacation, 3 weeks after 2 years, 8 sick days, Short
& Long Term Disability Insurance, Life Insurance, Flexible Spending
Account, Employee Assistance Program, Stock Option Plan and Employee Stock
Purchase Plan.	Employees enjoy a casual dress and fun team environment. 


URL for more information: http://www.overture.com/

Contact information:
Quinn Merritt
Overture
626-685-6140 (Direct Dial)
merrittq@overture.com


