Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:422
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 24667 invoked by uid 1016); 17 May 2002 17:49:47 -0000
Date: 17 May 2002 17:49:47 -0000
Message-ID: <20020517174947.24666.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Unix/Linux software engineer with Perl skills for start-up in Texas (onsite), United States, Texas, Dallas (Richardson)
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/320

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: May 17, 2002

Job title:
Unix/Linux software engineer with Perl skills for start-up in Texas

Company name: David Isenberg, Technical Recruiter

Location:
United States, Texas, Dallas (Richardson)

Pay rate: 80-110K+

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: indefinite

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
COMPANY 

This company’s business model, technology and product focuses on improving
users’ experiences with Web applications.  The technology, an advanced
information signaling technology that promises to revolutionize the
scalability of application infrastructures, delivers a higher quality, more
predictable level of service to users.	The company is leveraging its rich
history of solid technology and road-hardened business knowledge to deliver
product appliances as a family of solutions that enterprises, carriers and
service providers can deploy in their own infrastructures. 

POSITION DESCRIPTION - Sr. Software Engineer

· Researches and gathers functional and behavioral requirements for new
software features, enhancements, or maintenance.
· Designs solutions to meet those specifications, including creatively
recommending features or enhancements based on current and/or future
feature sets.
· Estimates time, work, and resources required to implement the design.
· Implements software solutions within company's development framework to
fulfill the proposed design specifications.
· Delivers the software outcome to appropriate parties for integration.
· Maintains software according to change requests from both internal (i.e.
QA) and external (i.e. customers) sources.



Required skills:
REQUIREMENTS

· Must have a B.S. in computer science, or another related engineering
field, from a four-year college, university, or equivalent work experience.

· Senior level skills in PERL, bash scripting.
· Senior level in Unix programming (pref. in Linux) including RPM
packaging, kernel configuration.
· Unix system administration experience a must.



Desired skills:
· Experience using structured programming languages would be a significant
plus - pref C/C++,Java.
· Prefer experience in network configuration management.

Contact information:
Contact David Isenberg at 972-496-7722 or email me at
David.Isenberg@attbi.com


