Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:429
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 63806 invoked by uid 1016); 21 May 2002 15:46:46 -0000
Date: 21 May 2002 15:46:46 -0000
Message-ID: <20020521154646.63805.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Senior Web Programmer with Technical Design Skills (part onsite), United States, OR, Portland
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/328

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: May 21, 2002

Job title:
Senior Web Programmer with Technical Design Skills

Location: United States, OR, Portland

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: 3-6 months

Hours: Full time

Onsite: some

Description:
Start up company looking for Perl Programming to help design and build a
new web application from the bottom up.  You will be part of a team with
another, more junior, programmer, a graphic designer, and an information
architect.  

You must have strong technical design skills, know mod_perl, html,
javascript (C++ and Java a plus) and have a strong affinity for databases
(if you don't know what DBI is then move on).  If you like a good
challenge, low pay with lots of potential, and you enjoy building systems
from scratch, then you may be in luck.	You must also have a strong linux
background and have experience administrating linux systems.

This is a 3-6 month contract and a part time contract (at least) for the
following year. Should things work out beyond that, you will become our
Chief Technical Officer and as we grow you will run the department.

Strong (very strong) preference given to local candidates. 

Required skills:
Minimums for the senior position:
-- 5 years experience in Perl 
-- 5 years programming for the Web
-- 3 years administering linux systems
-- 3 years database administration and/or design
-- past experience designing web applications, and code to prove it.
-- Other languages a plus
-- Management experience a major plus

Minimums for the junior position:
(this is a 3-6 month contract as well, but will likely not turn into
anything afterwords, and you don't need to have as much administration
experience.)
-- 2 years in Perl
-- 2 years programming for the web
-- 1 year database experience
-- Linux administrative experience preferred
-- Other languages a plus

Contact information:
Jon Jacob
programmer@manymoons.net


