Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:432
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 4577 invoked by uid 1016); 23 May 2002 15:12:59 -0000
Date: 23 May 2002 15:12:59 -0000
Message-ID: <20020523151259.4576.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: network developer / architect (onsite), United States, MA, Quincy
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/333

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: May 23, 2002

Job title: network developer / architect

Company name: Eastern Nazarene College

Internal ID: ITS-NDA

Location: United States, MA, Quincy

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
SUMMARY:  As a member of the Network & Emerging Technologies Group, the
Network Developer/Architect (NDA) assists the Senior Technology Officer
(STO) in the design, construction, configuration, and management of the
college networking and communications infrastructure, with particular
emphasis on development and integration of server-based software solutions.
 This position reports to the STO. 

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: (includes the following; other
duties may be assigned)

Assists the STO as required in the development, implementation, and
operation of technical solutions to institutional IT needs.  Examples:
·	Server OS and network hardware configuration/administration
·	Programming to develop server-based software solutions
·	Software management and integration
·	Process automation through scripting
·	Network and systems security management
·	OpenVMS systems interfacing
·	Integration of ERP system with other systems

Required skills:
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE/SKILL: 
·	Bachelor's degree preferably in Computer Science, Mathematics,
Computer Engineering or a related field
·	3+ years experience directly related to position
·	Is effective at writing object-oriented software with Perl, has
experience working through issues related to OO persistence (Tangram
experience a plus) 
·	Has experience with database driven web apps using a embedded code
templating system (along the lines of JSP, though preferably Mason or other
Perl-based).  Must have ample experience with HTML, CGI, Apache, and
related.
·	Comfortable with UNIX-like operating systems and related
development tools (CVS, emacs, vi, make, etc) 
·	Fundamental understanding of a UNIX-based operating system; for
example, understands job control, soft and hard links, distinctions between
the kernel and the shell. 
·	Ability to write scripts in some administrative language (TCL,
Perl, a shell).

REASONING/MATHEMATICAL ABILITY: Excellent Analytical and logical problem
solving skills

OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES:

Required:
·	Strong interpersonal communication and relational skills (with both
peers and "customers")
·	Capable of training users (in applications and UNIX fundamentals)
·	Capable of writing user documentation
·	Has drive...wants to dig in and make things happen (without
prodding or constant oversight from manager)
·	Can work collaboratively

Desired skills:
·	Experience with Extreme Programming or other agile software
development methodology
·	Experience with internetworking UNIX and other operating systems
(e.g. DOS, Windows, MacOS); and with design and configuration of networks
(TCP/IP, Ethernet, switching, routing)
·	OpenVMS experience.
·	Experience with database systems management, especially any large
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) application (but specifically desirable:
 Poise from Jenzabar/Campus America).

URL for more information: http://www.enc.edu/

Contact information:
** Resumes / cover letters will only be reviewed if formatted as either
plain text or HTML (no .doc or .rtf, etc.!). **   If using HTML, please
send as a MIME attachment (ie. do not paste the HTML into the body of the
message!).

Applicants should apply by submitting a resume along with a statement of
faith by email to:

   its-job-nda@enc.edu

Eastern Nazarene College, a four-year, liberal arts, residential college of
the Church of the Nazarene, located on Boston's South Shore, seeks
qualified persons to fill faculty and staff
positions. Applicants should be committed Christians and active in a local
church. Preference in hiring is given to those with Wesleyan convictions
and background, though qualified
applicants from other Christian traditions will be considered as well. 

Eastern Nazarene  College does not unlawfully discriminate in employment
opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, gender, national
origin, age, disability, or any other
characteristic protected by law. 


