Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:448
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 61091 invoked by uid 1016); 10 Jun 2002 15:30:15 -0000
Date: 10 Jun 2002 15:30:15 -0000
Message-ID: <20020610153015.61090.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl Developer for Major League Baseball Advanced Media (onsite), United States, NY, New York
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/349

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 10, 2002

Job title:
Perl Developer for Major League Baseball Advanced Media

Company name: Major League Baseball Advanced Media

Internal ID: Perl

Location: United States, NY, New York

Pay rate: $65 - 75K Base Salary

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Full-Time

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
PLEASE put "Perl Developer" in the subject line when responding to this job
via email. NO STAFFING AGENCY RESUMES WILL BE ACCEPTED and no relocation
packages offered at this time.

Perl Developer/Template Developer 

MLB Advanced Media is Major League Baseball's interactive media business,
formed to develop the interactive business for the industry including the
30 club internet sites and the league site. If you would like to be part of
the on-line development of this new initiative, we would love for you to be
a part of our team.

We are looking for a full time Perl developer to work within the Content
Management Group. A successful applicant must have experience with i) Perl
5.6.1 (ii) DBI w/ Oracle (iii) at least one template environment and (iv)
basic system administration capabilities with Solaris. Knowledge of Object
Oriented Perl, Interwoven Teamsite Templating, Embedded Perl, XSLT,
HTML-Mason and PL/SQL are all a plus.  Two years of experience is a MUST.


Required skills:
Perl 5.6.1 (2 years of experience using Perl) 
DBI w/ Oracle 
At least one template environment and basic system administration
capabilities with Solaris. 


Desired skills:
Knowledge of Object Oriented Perl, Interwoven Teamsite Templating, Embedded
Perl, XSLT, HTML-Mason and PL/SQL are all a plus.



Contact information:
Please email resumes to pld@mlb.com with "Perl Developer" in the subject
line of the email.  No phone calls please and absolutely no staffing agency
resumes will be considered.  Thank you.


