Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:449
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 30423 invoked by uid 1016); 10 Jun 2002 19:19:48 -0000
Date: 10 Jun 2002 19:19:48 -0000
Message-ID: <20020610191948.30422.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl programmer for Boston.com (onsite), United States, MA, Boston
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/350

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 10, 2002

Job title: Perl programmer for Boston.com

Company name: Boston.com

Internal ID: pp

Location: United States, MA, Boston

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
We’re looking for an innovative problem-solver who likes a challenge and
excels when given responsibility. A sharp technical mind with strong
communications skills working with both technical and non-technical
audiences. We support the editorial, advertising and marketing initiatives
for the largest regional web portal site in the country. We’re building a
team that delivers products on time in a stable, scalable, cutting-edge
environment. 

Specifically you’ll design and develop user interface, communication
structure, and backend database architecture. You’ll work in a
collaborative environment with not only with folks in our tech team but
across all of our departments. This position specifically supports our Real
Estate section. You’ll develop new products and perform application
analysis, maintenance, and updates to existing development applications for
this section. 

Required skills:
--BA/BS degree in a computer related discipline or engineering.
--Experienced database application developer that has worked on rapid
paced, cross-departmental team.
--Required skills include extensive use of Template Tool Kit and mod_Perl
developing Object-Oriented applications. 
--Experience with relational databases, Unix and Apache necessary.
--3-5 years experience using the required technologies.


Desired skills:
--Experience coordinating project development and release schedules is
helpful.
--Experience using perl for parsing structured data feeds also a plus.



URL for more information: http://www.boston.com/hiring

Contact information:
Please let us know that you saw this job on the jobs.perl.org site.  We
encourage minority candidates to apply.  We are an equal opportunity
employer.


Please submit your resume to resumes@boston.com or post online at
http://nytimes.jobplanet.com/apply_now.pl.


