Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:450
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 17573 invoked by uid 1016); 13 Jun 2002 15:22:09 -0000
Date: 13 Jun 2002 15:22:09 -0000
Message-ID: <20020613152209.17572.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Junior Code Tester (onsite), United States, CA, Los Angeles
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/351

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 13, 2002

Job title: Junior Code Tester

Company name: Ticketmaster

Location: United States, CA, Los Angeles

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Join the Ticketmaster.com development team providing essential QA testing
of all new and existing code-base. Your knowledge of writing test scripts
will be an invaluable asset to the development cycle for new projects.
Job  Description:
------------------------
60% Code Testing: Must have experience as a coder (ideally perl or specific
scripting languages used in either commercial or open-source QA testing
environments).

Knowledge of commercial and open-source testing environments a plus.

   * Knowledge of open-source testing technologies ideal.
   * Experience with code-level testing/scripting ideal.
   * Desire to take on creation of complex, automated test scripting a
must.

35% Functional Web Testing: Functional web site testers to manually and
visually check the quality of Ticketmaster.com. Inspection includes, but is
not limited to, cross-browser page integrity, accuracy of hypertext linking
(links live, connected to the right link, etc.), page integrity pre- and
post-staging to replication servers, isolation and escalation of errors (no
actual modification of code, content, etc.).

Functional testing includes basic editorial review including spelling
errors, transaction functionality (test user experience during actual web
site transaction - i.e., buying of ticket).

5% Defect Tracking/Documentation: Will be responsible for tracking the
progress of a particular set of web site pages through the testing cycle.
Will document all stages of the QA process. Will help QA manager to set QA
protocols and processes.

Required skills:
Specific, prior experience with scripting/coding either for web sites or
for automation tools (perl, shell scripting, automation tools for system
administration functions, etc.). 

Must reside within commuting distance of Los Angeles. Relocation is NOT
provided.

Desired skills:
Ability to write automated scripts for QA applications ideal but not
essential. Strong understanding of web development processes and
technologies critical.

Specific, prior experience as a functional web site tester within a dot-com
development team ideal.

Experience with source-safing software and bug tracking software ideal.

Contact information:
Frank Scannello
Contract Recruiter
frank@hirefficiency.com
904-543-0808


