Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:4529
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 6917 invoked from network); 23 Jun 2006 07:05:05 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by lists.develooper.com with SMTP; 23 Jun 2006 07:05:05 -0000
Received: (qmail 16341 invoked by uid 225); 23 Jun 2006 07:05:05 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 16332 invoked by alias); 23 Jun 2006 07:05:04 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-4.4 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_00
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received-SPF: pass (x1.develooper.com: domain of ask@perl.org designates 63.251.223.163 as permitted sender)
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Fri, 23 Jun 2006 00:04:50 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id BAE1D2AFDE; Fri, 23 Jun 2006 00:04:45 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20060623070445.BAE1D2AFDE@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Fri, 23 Jun 2006 00:04:45 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: IPX – Senior Engineering Applications Architect (onsite), United States, CA, Irvine or San Jose
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/4279

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 22, 2006

Job title:
IPX – Senior Engineering Applications Architect

Company name: Confidential

Location: United States, CA, Irvine or San Jose

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
BASIC FUNCTION:
The candidate will work closely with the Senior Manager-Applications
Development to enable and advocate IP Collaboration, IP reuse and IP
Security at Broadcom across all of the engineering communities (front-end,
back-end, software, verification, etc.).  Candidate should have cross
functional skills to leverage existing tools and methodologies and be able
to influence IP Collaboration across the enterprise. 

Expertise in integrating multiple revision control systems and issue
tracking systems would be highly desired.  Experience in software and
hardware engineering IP will be a key requirement to help the candidate
resonate with the engineering community to help them adopt into the IPX
(Intellectual Property eXchange) framework and mindset.  

Role includes define/create new applications functionality as well as to
enhance existing functionality to meet the changing needs and making the
framework scalable ensuring performance characteristics are acceptable. 
Constantly review the current solution to determine if it is fulfilling the
current and future needs of the engineering community.

This candidate would be working a key strategic initiative that, when
successful, would greatly improve the engineering efficiency of Broadcom. 
This is a high profile, high visibility role.

CHARACTERISTIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
·	Work, as necessary, with Engineering and I.T. groups within
Broadcom to enable and support engineering processes by software solutions.

·	Be able to document requirements through technical
design/architectural documents and functional specifications to articulate
feature-sets and strategies to implement a software solution to meet the
needs.
·	Design, Develop and Deploy Software Solutions
·	Work with the Applications Development Practice Area Leads to
ensure compliance and to help drive new levels of standards for ensuring
reliability, repeatable, scaleable, maintainable, and robust systems and
architecture.
·	Work closely with the Engineering and I.T. groups to formulate a
strategy to satisfy the user requirements.
·	Ability to understand the application performance aspects and
improve app performance to meet the growing needs.
·	Excellent written, verbal communications and presentation skills.

SUPERVISION RECEIVED:
The Senior Engineering Applications Architect will report to the Senior
Manager-Applications Development.

QUALIFICATIONS:

    Education and Experience:
·	College degree or significant relevant recent experience,
preferably at least a Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer
Engineering or a related field.  
·	10+ year’s recent and relevant experience as an
engineering/software developer.  Chip/ASIC design engineering experience a
plus.
·	5+ years driving requirements definition and providing detailed
business requirements and functional specifications for the development of
software solutions (complex projects are preferred).  A minimum of five
complete software development lifecycle projects experience.


Required skills:
Essential Expertise:
·	Application Development experience in Unix/Linux platforms. 
·	Experience with deployment and enterprise rollout of applications.
·	DB design/development skills.
·	Strong electrical/computer engineering background.
·	Perl, PHP, MySql experience.
·	Disciplined Perl programming in apache and mod_perl environment.
·	Understanding of revision control systems and issue tracking
systems.
·	Software engineering skills required.
·	Must be able to work in stressful situations and maintain a
professional demeanor.	Ability to work well under pressure and short
deadlines.
·	Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication and
presentation skills for communicating with both internal and external
customers.
·	Excellent organizational and time management skills.
·	Ability to design cohesive solutions from disparate and abstract
requirements
·	Ability to effectively communicate with a variety of people
including members of management, senior management, product management,
development, QA, support and development teams are required.
·	Should be a great team player
·	Ability to multi-task and shift directions quickly is a must.
·	Experience of working with cross-functional teams in a corporate
environment
·	Ability to drive people towards acceptance of a solution; possess
excellent negotiation skills



Desired Expertise:
·	Experience with the hi-technology/semiconductor industry strongly
preferred.
·	Knowledge of MSSQL is desired.
·	Low-level software engineering development, working with TCP/IP,
Ports, Sockets, etc. is preferred.
·	C/C++ coding experience desired.
·	Familiarity with CVS, Subversion is a plus.


Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/4279#contact


