Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:4591
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 16306 invoked from network); 7 Jul 2006 05:05:43 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by lists.develooper.com with SMTP; 7 Jul 2006 05:05:43 -0000
Received: (qmail 13645 invoked by uid 225); 7 Jul 2006 05:05:42 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 13640 invoked by alias); 7 Jul 2006 05:05:42 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-4.4 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_00
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received-SPF: pass (x1.develooper.com: domain of ask@perl.org designates 63.251.223.163 as permitted sender)
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Thu, 06 Jul 2006 22:05:04 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id 9C5D52AFE4; Thu,  6 Jul 2006 22:05:00 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20060707050500.9C5D52AFE4@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Thu,  6 Jul 2006 22:05:00 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Senior Engineer (Applications Developer ) (onsite), United States, VA, Herndon
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/4325

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July  6, 2006

Job title:
Senior Engineer (Applications Developer )

Company name: Time Warner Cable

Internal ID: 58469BR

Location: United States, VA, Herndon

Pay rate:
commensurate with experience and bonus eligible

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
A pioneer in the cable industry, Time Warner Cable owns and manages the
most advanced, best-clustered cable television operations in the country,
with more than 90% of its 10.9 million customers in systems serving 100,000
people or more. Through technological innovation, a fully upgraded
fiber-based network and a commitment to increasing choice and value for our
customers, Time Warner Cable brings the digital age into America's
communities, transforming the way Americans receive information and
entertainment. 

The Time Warner Cable Corporate office currently seeks a Senior Technology
Engineer (Application Developer) for our Systems Engineering Department.
Below please find a brief description of the essential duties and
responsibilities required to function successfully in this position.

Essential Job Functions:
Customized application development in C, C++, and Perl from scratch. 
Candidate must have experience working as part of a team to develop high
quality software solutions.  Ideal candidate would have experience
developing high-performance, redundant, and scalable software solutions
without significant external guidance.

Operate as a member of a specialized development oriented Engineering team.
 Share responsibility for project development with other engineers.  Act
independently when developing small scope projects.  Work as part of a
small team when requirements dictate more complex solutions.  Candidate
must be comfortable sharing ideas, discussing solutions, and receiving
feedback throughout the entire product development process.  

Develop software to integrate COTS applications within the existing Time
Warner Cable infrastructure.  Support other teams within Systems
Engineering when specific development oriented assistance is requested.  

Analyze ISP and VoIP product requirements and engineer solutions to meet
them.  Determine most appropriate solution for addressing requirements be
it in-house development or integration of COTS software.  Solutions must
meet both time and cost constraints and stand up to peer review.  Majority
of projects revolve around High Speed Data (ISP) and Digital Phone (VoIP)
product offerings.

Contribute to project planning, architecture specification, and
implementation planning for application development tasks.  Determine
accurate level of effort and timeframe for project completion. 

Thoroughly document solutions including authoring of functional
specifications, design documentation, installation, and operations guides. 
Provide guidance to QA to ensure sufficient testing occurs during the
product test cycle.  Support Systems Operations when issues arise in
production to provide troubleshooting assistance and solutions.  Maintain
documentation for software development projects and
implementation/deployment planning.

Conduct product evaluations, test new potential solutions, and report on
results.


Time Warner Cable offers competitive benefits to include medical, dental,
vision, a matched 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, free cable (in
specified areas) and free AOL. Qualified candidates should apply on-line at
www.timewarner.com (search for requisition #58469BR on the career page) or
copy & paste the following URL:
https://sjobs.brassring.com/1033/ASP/TG/cim_home.asp?partnerid=391&siteid=5
161&Codes=WOTR58469BR

EOE/M/F/D/V


Required skills:

ob Requirements:
Successful candidate must possess 5+ years experience in designing,
developing, debugging and deploying ISP class Unix based applications.	


Expert level experience with Unix, C, and Perl.  Ability to participate in
the definition of software architecture, including research of new
technologies and proof of concepts projects. 


A thorough understanding of various network protocols (TCP, UDP, SMTP,
POP3, DHCP, DNS, LDAP, SNMP) and how each of these protocols communicates. 
Unix socket programming (network based, IPC, etc).  

Candidate must have excellent oral and written communication skills and
strong collaboration skills.  Understanding of software/system development
life cycles.

Preferred Qualifications:
The successful candidate must be willing to work in an entrepreneurial
environment requiring broad experience, adaptability, and excellent problem
solving skills.  

Candidate must be a team player, with an inherent ability to work well
under tight timelines, and have strong systems architecture experience. 
Candidate will also be required to share experience, skill, and talents
with associates and mentor others.  


Desired skills:




Candidates with some or all of the following skills and experience are
preferred:  

•	The physical and logical elements, interfaces, and configurations
of Sun hardware, Solaris operating system and x86 hardware.  Hands on
experience with Solaris 10 on both Sparc and AMD64 based platforms. 
Experience with networking and storage hardware is a plus.
•	Understand of IP networking technologies with specific knowledge of
network addressing, routing, IP filtering, network based load balancing,
etc.
•	LDAP, specifically experience with the standard C API, schema
design, best practices 
•	Relational databases such as Oracle and MySQL, specifically schema
design, query optimization, data normalization 
•	Expert level knowledge of C/C++ and another high level dynamic
language (Perl strongly preferred).  Thorough understanding of object
oriented programming models and concepts.  Ideal candidate would be an
experienced developer of object oriented applications in Perl or C++. 
Expert level knowledge of Python, Ruby, or other OO languages is valuable
in lieu of Perl or C++. 
•	POSIX Threads and familiarity with thread models of other
interpreted or virtual machine based languages.
•	XML and SOAP
•	SNMP
•	Ideal candidate would be well versed in the concepts contained
within Advanced Programming in the Unix Environment by W. Richard Stevens.
•	Automated network based Unix installation such as Solaris Jumpstart
and SUSE AutoYAST.  
•	Solaris and RPM packaging systems.  Experience building packages
with either system.
•	Understanding of common application performance issues.  Ideal
candidate would have significant experience designing and developing high
performance applications.
•	High availability software and hardware solutions.  Experience with
Veritas products preferred.
•	Familiarity with open source tools, applications, and libraries and
the ability to leverage them during the development process.  
•	Thorough knowledge of secure coding practices and common
application security issues.
•	Experience with Cable industry high speed data infrastructure
including familiarity with DOCSIS, PacketCable, and device provisioning
models.  

Education:
Bachelor's degree (BA or BS) from four-year college or university; or
equivalent training, education and experience.

The physical demands described here are those that must be met by an
employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with
disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the
duties of this job the employee is: Regularly required to talk and hear;
Frequently required to sit, stand and bend at the knee and waist and walk;
Required to use hand to type, handle objects and paperwork; Required to
reach and hold on to items at chest level or reach above the shoulder;
Required to use close vision and be able to focus. Finally, the employee
generally works in an indoor office environment; overtime maybe required.


URL for more information:
https://sjobs.brassring.com/1033/ASP/TG/cim_home.asp?partnerid=391&siteid=5
161&Codes=WOTR58469BR

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/4325#contact


