Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:467
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 668 invoked by uid 1016); 24 Jun 2002 16:45:25 -0000
Date: 24 Jun 2002 16:45:25 -0000
Message-ID: <20020624164525.667.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Revolutionary Internet Portal (telecommute), Canada, Ontario, Toronto
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/363

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 23, 2002

Job title: Revolutionary Internet Portal

Location: Canada, Ontario, Toronto

Pay rate: To Be Determined

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
After 12 months of extensive research and development, we are ready to add
the last member to our team.  We, along with the hard work and creativity
of our new member, will be building an Internet Portal to surpass all
others.  While there are many big players in the Internet Portal industry,
our project has been subjected to extensive research for the past year to
ensure its business viability.	The project will involve, in its broadest
aspect, a search engine directory, business directory, and a wide variety
of community features.	Each aspect has an abundance of unique features
that will set us aside from the competition.  Our search directory has been
compiled by hand over the past year to ensure the highest integrity.  Our
newest member will be in charge of web development, which will encompass
the coding of the various features, along with the HTML/Design of the site.
 We, however, do have staff on hand that will assist with the graphic
design and all text.  We are not looking to merely hire a programmer who
will do the job and disappear; we are looking for a new team-mate who is
committed for the long-run.  As such, our new team-mate will not only be
rewarded as elements of the project are completed but will, like the rest
of us, be given a share of the profits paid on a monthly basis.  We also
firmly believe that programming is an art form, which requires that the
artist has room to add his or her own flare.  So, while we do have a plan
of what we are looking for, we also expect the head of our web development
team to be creative and have ideas and suggestions on their own.  This is a
big project with many intricate components.  It will require a lot of hard
work.  However, that hard work will pay off because our initial projections
for the share of our newest member are very high.  So if you have a
skill-set that will allow you to cross over all boundaries and do things
that have never been done before, then please apply and prepare to embark
on a once in a lifetime opportunity.  If you are not a good team-player,
lack experience or are not ready to be a tycoon in the industry, then you
need not apply.  Qualifying applicants will be contacted promptly for more
specific project details.  Thank you for your time and we look forward to
working with you.

Required skills: Perl, HTML, MySQL

Desired skills:
Our view is that the more skills you have the more equipped you are to
overcome any obstacles.  Thus, the more skills you posses the better.

Contact information:
All recruitment occurs VIA email.  
Please email Rob at  internet_venture@hotmail.com.
Be sure to include your full resume. 


