Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:470
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 92047 invoked by uid 1016); 27 Jun 2002 21:24:15 -0000
Date: 27 Jun 2002 21:24:15 -0000
Message-ID: <20020627212415.92046.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Object-oriented, mod_perl, DBI programmer for Oracle Corp. (onsite), United States, CA, Redwood Shores
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/366

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 27, 2002

Job title:
Object-oriented, mod_perl, DBI programmer for Oracle Corp.

Company name: Oracle Corporation

Location: United States, CA, Redwood Shores

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT: 

The ARU (Automated Release Update) System is an integral part of Oracle's
software development and release infrastructure. ARU
automates the complex process of defining, building, packaging, and
distributing bug fixes and new functionality to Oracle's
customers. 
The system automates porting to dozens of platforms and translation into 30
languages. 
It supports over 13,000 internal users throughout Development, Support, and
Consulting. Each week, the system distributes over
25,000 software updates to customers via the Internet. 

RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Design, implement, test and deploy high quality, easy-to-maintain code. 
Further automate and enhance the software development and release process. 

Expand functionality and usability of the web based system interface. 
Interact with users who span the globe and all of Oracle's divisions. 

ENVIRONMENT: 

     Perl, PL/SQL, Advanced Queuing, Apache, and many operating systems 
     Requirements, Design, Implementation, Testing, Production, Support 
     State of the art development environment 
     Highly motivated technical team 
     One production instance 
     One production version 
     High visibility 

Required skills:
     Experience in Object Oriented Perl programming 
     Experience with Unix, Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, Apache 
     Intelligent 
     Motivated 
     Self starter 
     Good verbal and written communication skills 

Desired skills:
     Experience in Release Mgmt. 
     Clearcase, RCS, or other Configuration Management tools 
     Javascript 
     EMACS editor 
     Java programming experience 
     C or C++ programming experience 

Contact information: william.ward@oracle.com


