Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:510
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 18299 invoked by uid 1016); 2 Aug 2002 21:33:49 -0000
Date: 2 Aug 2002 21:33:49 -0000
Message-ID: <20020802213349.18298.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Developer, Buying & On-Site Support Team (onsite), United States, Washington, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/402

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August  2, 2002

Job title:
Web Developer, Buying & On-Site Support Team

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 02-006907

Location: United States, Washington, Seattle

Pay rate: undisclosed

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Amazon.com seeks to be the world’s most customer-centric company.  The Web
Developers on our Buying & On-Site Support Team (BOSS) lend their efforts
to this objective by creating an unsurpassed buying experience in each
Amazon.com store.  Our Web Developers work hard to understand our
customers’ perspectives, solve User Interface problems, and innovate on our
customers’ behalf.  Amazon.com’s BOSS Team currently seeks astute,
customer-focused, technically exceptional Web Developers to join the team.

As a Web Developer on the BOSS Team you will work with Software Engineers,
Program Managers, Design Team Members, and independently, to create
dynamic, optimized HTML templates for the Buying Pipeline and Customer
Account management areas of the Amazon.com Site.  Documented delivery of
your ability to effectively explain technical options and limitations to
both technical and non-technical audiences is required.  You will be
responsible for real-time operational support of the Team’s functional
areas as well as brainstorming new Buying Experience Features.	You will
design and implement scalable, flexible, features using HTML, Cascading
Style Sheets, JavaScript, Perl and other Web technologies.    




Required skills:
Amazon.com is an Oracle database-driven LINUX/UNIX shop.  Successful
candidates will have an excellent working knowledge of HTML, Perl, current
trends in Web Technology, as well as the desire to learn new technologies. 
High level exposure to database design, structure, and implementation on
the Web is highly desired.  Experience writing high performance reliable
code in C++, SGML, OO Perl, Mason, or XML is a plus.  A Bachelor’s degree
in Computer Science, or relevant area, is also a plus.


URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/jobs

Contact information:
Amazon.com offers competitive compensation packages including 401K, stock
options, comprehensive health care, as well as the opportunity to
significantly impact the way customers do their buying on-line.  Please
submit your resume, cover letter, source code, and URL samples to
xsite-techjobs@amazon.com.     



