Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:528
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 41805 invoked by uid 1016); 16 Aug 2002 02:18:35 -0000
Date: 16 Aug 2002 02:18:35 -0000
Message-ID: <20020816021835.41804.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl Guru Needed for Web Development at Amazon.com (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/418

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August 15, 2002

Job title:
Perl Guru Needed for Web Development at Amazon.com

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 02-007487

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Pay rate: negotiable

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The US Retail and Marketing web development team finally has an open
position! We are
looking for an extremely bright, self starting individual that has
2+ years experience in web development. As a web developer, you will
be jumping on with a fun, energetic team that is paving the way for
Amazon.com web development.

A successful applicant will demonstrate the ability to effectively
explain technical options and limitations to both technical and
nontechnical audiences, and also show delivery of projects on a
timely basis. You will be responsible for real-time operational
support of the team's functional areas, as well as for brainstorming
features and ideas. You will design and implement scalable, flexible
features using HTML, cascading style sheets, JavaScript, Mason,
Perl, and other Web technologies. 

Requirements: All candidates must have UNIX and Windows experience.
Knowledge of Linux is a plus. Candidates will have an excellent working
knowledge of HTML, cascading style sheets, JavaScript and current trends in
Web technology, as well as the desire to learn new technologies. You will
also be an expert in Perl. Exposure to database design, structure, and
implementation on the Web is highly desired. A bachelor's degree in
computer science or a relevant area is also a plus. Experience with
other Web technologies like ASP, Mason, JSP, PHP, or graphics
software such as Photoshop is a plus.

Please send source code samples and URL samples if you have any.
Flexibility, intellectual curiosity, and a sense of humor are all
musts!



Required skills: Perl, UNIX, HTML and XML

Desired skills:
Someone with great energy and a sense of humour.

URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/jobs

Contact information:
Jeanine Wallner
jwallner@amazon.com



