Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:530
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 47217 invoked by uid 1016); 16 Aug 2002 14:50:06 -0000
Date: 16 Aug 2002 14:50:06 -0000
Message-ID: <20020816145006.47214.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Innovative Business Directory / Web Developer (telecommute), Canada, Ontario, Toronto
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/420

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August 15, 2002

Job title:
Innovative Business Directory / Web Developer

Location: Canada, Ontario, Toronto

Pay rate: To Be Determined + Ownership!

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
If you are talented, creative, and energetic, then please read on.  If you
are the type of individual who does not follow a path, but rather makes a
new one, then please read on.  If you possess a skill set that allows you
to cross all boundaries, do what has never been done, and push your
abilities to the max, then please read on.

We have assembled a team of exceptionally skilled, fun, and enthusiastic
people. You must also possess all above qualities in order to take on this
project.  We are currently looking for the last member of our team, who
will be in charge of creating a Business Directory as part of our web
operations.  This component will supplement our other extensive features,
allowing us to satisfy all of our clients and users’ needs.  Our newest
member will be responsible for the web development of the section,
including all of the programming, as well as HTML/design.  Members of our
current team are skilled in areas such as graphic design, journalism, and
marketing, among others.  All of these members will be at your disposal. 
It is important to understand that in taking on this project you will be
doing more than just a contract job.  You will be joining a promising young
start-up and you will reap the rewards of your work in the form of company
ownership.  

We are not looking for someone who can just do what they are told.  We
believe that programming is an art form, and one which cannot have a
detailed instruction manual.  As our newest member, you will be given
general guidelines.  However, in large part, we will encourage you to push
yourself to the limit and try out new things.  We will encourage fun and
creativity.  You will not simply be “coding”, you will also be active in
all brainstorming and decision making.	Ideally, we want to throw the
Business Directory in your hands so that it will become your ‘baby’ just as
much as it is ours.  Along with ownership (which is the true value, and
what all the other individuals are working for), you will be paid
throughout the project as pre-determined stages are completed -- the actual
amount will be determined during the interviewing process--.

The business directory will have both B2B and B2C applications.  It will
blend the ‘old economy’ and the ‘new economy’.	Users will be able to
search for a particular company (name/type) in a particular area
(zip/postal code, area code, city, state, etc) to quickly and easily find
what they are looking for.  Our business directory, like everything else we
do, will be over-the-top and loaded with features for both the end-user and
the client.  Where most directories only provide the ‘basic’ information of
a company—name, phone number, address—we will give our users much more. 
Our clients, those companies listed in the directory, will be able to spawn
small websites off of us by following very user-friendly menus (similar to
Geocities).  To build an initial base of content, we will provide CDs full
of information to be loaded into the database.	More details will be made
available to final applicants.

If you are ready to embark on an adventure limited only by your imagination
and creativity, the please send a detailed resume to the address listed
below.	Applications will only be considered for persons living in Canada
or the United States.  Thank you very much for your time.

Required skills:
-PERL(All the other components that have already been designed, or are
still in development use Perl) -HTML	
–MySQL –Teamwork skills –Time management -CREATIVITY 


Desired skills:
The more skills you have, the more capable you are to overcome any
obstacle.  If the impossible is attainable, then you are the kind of person
we want on our team.  A sense of humour and a friendly ‘winning’ attitude
are very important.  

Contact information:
Please send detailed resumes to net_operations@yahoo.com.  Acceptable
formats include: Word, HTML, text, & PDF.  Qualifying applicants will be
emailed a follow-up package shortly after their application has been
processed.


