Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:573
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 7069 invoked by uid 1016); 23 Sep 2002 21:22:22 -0000
Date: 23 Sep 2002 21:22:22 -0000
Message-ID: <20020923212222.7068.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl Guru Needed for Web Development at Amazon.com (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/459

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: September 23, 2002

Job title:
Perl Guru Needed for Web Development at Amazon.com

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: #02-007271

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Pay rate: Salary plus stock

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Web Developer, Merchants, #02-007271
Interested in working in challenging, exciting, and high-impact Web
development projects? Join the Partners web-dev team! Our team builds the
selling platform that allows multiple merchants to sell at Amazon.com. We
lead the Web development for the Merchants.com initiative, building sites
such as target.com on the Gurupa/Perl Inside Web site platform. Our
projects are all about enhancing the Merchants Platform and adding
selection to Amazon.com.As a Web developer on the Partners team, you will
work independently and with software engineers, program managers, and
design team members to create dynamic, optimized HTML templates for the
Merchants@ areas of the Amazon.com site and the Merchants.com platform.
Documented delivery of your ability to effectively explain technical
options and limitations to both technical and nontechnical audiences is
required. You will be responsible for real-time operational support of the
team's functional areas as well as brainstorming features and ideas. You
will design and implement scalable, flexible features using HTML, cascading
style sheets, JavaScript, Mason, Perl, and other Web
technologies.Requirements: Technical knowledge: All candidates must have
UNIX and Windows 95 experience. Knowledge of Linux is a plus. Candidates
will have an excellent working knowledge of HTML, cascading style sheets,
JavaScript, Perl, and current trends in Web technology, as well as the
desire to learn new technologies. Exposure to database design, structure,
and implementation on the Web is highly desired. A bachelor's degree in
computer science or a relevant area is also a plus. Experience with other
Web technologies like ASP, Mason, JSP, PHP, or graphics software such as
Photoshop is a plus. A bachelor's degree in computer science or a relevant
area is a plus. Please send source code samples and URL samples if you have
any. Flexibility, intellectual curiosity, and a sense of humor are all
musts!


Please send me your resume, code samples and urls.

Required skills:
Perl, HTML, UNIX, javascript, cascading style sheets

Desired skills:
Previous work with content dynamic web pages, the larger the better!

URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/jobs

Contact information:
Jeanine Wallner
Recruiter | Amazon.com
jwallner@amazon.com



