Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:5836
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 26537 invoked from network); 1 Mar 2007 14:09:38 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by lists.develooper.com with SMTP; 1 Mar 2007 14:09:38 -0000
Received: (qmail 32294 invoked by uid 225); 1 Mar 2007 14:09:37 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 32256 invoked by alias); 1 Mar 2007 14:09:35 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-2.5 required=8.0
	tests=ALL_TRUSTED,BAYES_20,DK_POLICY_SIGNSOME
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received-SPF: pass (x1.develooper.com: local policy)
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Thu, 01 Mar 2007 06:09:31 -0800
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id CFEB22B06A; Thu,  1 Mar 2007 06:09:27 -0800 (PST)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20070301140927.CFEB22B06A@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Thu,  1 Mar 2007 06:09:27 -0800 (PST)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Partner Tech Ops/Developer Engineer (part onsite), Taiwan (flexible - see detail), Taipei  (preferred)
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/5427

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: February 28, 2007

Job title: Partner Tech Ops/Developer Engineer

Company name: Yahoo - Asia

Location:
Taiwan (flexible - see detail), Taipei	(preferred)

Pay rate: very competitive

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: some

Description:

(Web Server, Unix Admin, Perl and general networking skills)

Location: Taipei
(other locations possibly considered:  Tokyo, Seoul, Hong Kong, other Asia
hub) 

Job Description:
Perform extensive observation, testing, and tuning of
the hardware, software, and network equipment that comprises
YSM's search systems.  This is a multi-project-
oriented position that often deals directly with 
YSM's partners to maintain cohesive working relationships. (This is not a
NOC or front-line tech support position).

PTS Engineers are responsible for many technical aspects of the Search
Partner lifecycle:

•	Contract Phase – When initiating a new relationship, PTS engineers
may work with YSM Partner Account Management and Partner technical staff. 
Tasks include due diligence on Partner systems, assessment of Partner
technical capabilities and organization, building relationships with key
personnel, evangelizing the technical benefits of working with YSM, and
communicating implementation details.  PTS engineers may also assist
Business Development and Legal staff in agreeing upon a Service Level
Agreement (SLA) with the Partner.

•	Requirements Definition – PTS engineers support the Asia market
teams in defining all technical requirements to meet and exceed Partner
needs.	This includes driving the escalation and communication of Partner
requirements.


•	Build Phase – PTS engineers build and maintain external interfaces
into the YSM search system.  PTS engineers implement Partner technical
requirements as search service features and assist Partners in building
clients to the search system.  This assistance includes advice on best
practices for fail over, monitoring, XML interfacing, and resource
management.

•	Support – After a new Partner implementation is launched, PTS
engineers continue to work with Partners.  Tasks include technical
performance reviews, incident communication, and SLA metric tracking.  PTS
engineers are level 3 support for Partner incidents.  PTS engineers are
required to identify, debug, and repair system faults quickly.

PTS engineers also act as internal technical consultants to YSM Partner
Management staff.  

PTS engineers are part of YSM’s global PTS team, with members in Asia,
California, and Europe.  PTS engineers must be able to function
independently and manage communication with staff in Europe, the Americas,
and Asia.  This role requires occasional travel within Asia and possibly to
Europe and USA.


Required skills:

Yahoo Kimo is searching for a Tech Ops engineer with 
- some web-based systems background
- some perl programming savvy
- some network and network administration knowledge
- experience with high-traffic, fault-tolerant web applications
- configuration, monitoring, and tuning experience of the above systems
- log file parsing techniques
- research, investigation, and evaluation skills

•	Excellent communication skills – capability of communicating with a
wide variety of end users, customers and colleagues. 
•	Strong initiative – capable of working on a self-sufficient basis
and identifying areas of potential technical improvement.
•	Self-management – capable of managing workload, prioritizing tasks,
and project managing the working day.
•	Problem solving – ability to identify, diagnose and resolve
technical problems. 
•	Fluency in English and one or more Asian languages is required.  


Desired skills:

•	5+ year developing web-based systems using Perl running in a Unix
environment required
•	3+ years system and network administration experience with strong
applications programming skills required  
•	Development experience with Asian-language locales and character
sets:  UTF-8, Japanese, Chinese, Korean required 
•	Detailed knowledge of high traffic, fault tolerant, 24x7 websites
running multiple OS's (Solaris, Linux, FreeBSD) required
•	Extensive Perl and Shell scripting experience required
•	Extensive Web/app server configuration/tuning/monitoring experience
required
•	Knowledge of Network configuration/monitoring/sniffing
•	Log parsing and basic data analysis required
•	General knowledge of Apache and mod_perl desired
•	Knowledge of system monitoring and alert tools (SNMP, MRTG, HPOV)
also highly desired
•	General knowledge of Oracle database desired
•	Familiarity with OS kernel and TCP/IP stack internals highly
desired
•	Superior research, investigation and evaluation skills.


URL for more information: http://tw.yahoo.com/job/openings.html

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/5427#contact


