Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:593
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 3339 invoked by uid 1016); 3 Oct 2002 17:17:10 -0000
Date: 3 Oct 2002 17:17:10 -0000
Message-ID: <20021003171710.3338.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Edit matchmaking Perl Script, fields & search (telecommute), United States, New Jersey
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/476

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  2, 2002

Job title:
Edit matchmaking Perl Script, fields & search

Company name: Marc's Webdesign

Location: United States, New Jersey

Pay rate:
complete job $75 moderation, up to $200 if you write additional codes to
add for features. This is the ball park I have to spend

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
Hi all, 

I have a matchmaking database script in perl. I need the fields and search
edited and customized. I would like it setup on the server, running and
possibly some additions to the script. I want someone who can work quickly
and inexpensively. I need to be able to accept credit cards and the like so
experience in this area is important. 

I am only interested in someone who will take on the job and complete it
officiently and keep to their promise with deadlines.



Required skills: Perl, editing fields and search options

Desired skills:
Anyone with experience in singles sites is a plus. Knowledge on how to
setup affiliate programs, credit card processing

Contact information:
Send:
1. experience
2. examples of work
3. if you can get on the job right away and finish it quickly
4. Any additional things you have the ability to add to a singles site,
sound profiles? Video? Instant messaging between users? Chat? Video between
users?

RIGHT NOW I WANT THE BASICS WORKING FOR ABOUT $75. THAT IS MODIFYING THE
SEARCH, REGISTRATION, ETC... WE CAN MAKE A DEAL FOR THE REST BUT MY BUDGET
IS LIMITED AT THE MOMENT. I WOULD CONISDER FUTURE PROJECTS SHOULD WE WORK
TOGETHER WELL.

Please have in mind that I will get hundreds of interested parties and if
you are able to do it cheeply, quickly and can provide additional ideas and
experience I can give back great feedback on your resume!


contact

marc at

breslov613@netscape.net


