Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:603
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 34463 invoked by uid 1016); 8 Oct 2002 20:35:18 -0000
Date: 8 Oct 2002 20:35:18 -0000
Message-ID: <20021008203518.34462.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: elearning startup, need perl with MySQL (telecommute), United States, CA, San Francisco Bay Area
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/483

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  7, 2002

Job title: elearning startup, need perl with MySQL

Location:
United States, CA, San Francisco Bay Area

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
My partner and I are revisiting an earlier dot com that never made it off
the ground due to spending too much time chasing VC funding instead of
building the product.

We have just created a very simple beta version.  It's an elearning product
and we are slowly signing up more and more professors to advise us (and
hopefully turn quickly into customers).  The good news is that we can get
it tested in the classroom this Spring if we build out a much more
sophisticated product quickly, which I already have the features specified.
 Unfortunately while my partner does great coding, he's not able to meet
the crunch for a mid-Dec deadline.  I figure it'd take about 25+ hours a
week to meet this date, sooner the better.

We may charge students this Spring, but it may be until next Fall before we
see any revenue (probably longer before any of this goes into our pockets).
 This position will be paid as revenue starts coming, and you'll get a part
of the company as well.  Ideally we'd like someone who can stick around for
a few years, but we can negotiate a shorter term agreement.  

Required skills:
- Perl
- MySQL

Desired skills:
- Ability to do some UI work would be nice, but not a requirement
- Since it can be described (poorly) as an economic simulation, it would be
nice if there's a basic understanding of economics / business management

Contact information:
David Higgins
madeofcoffee@yahoo.com


