Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:605
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 4880 invoked by uid 1016); 9 Oct 2002 22:47:16 -0000
Date: 9 Oct 2002 22:47:16 -0000
Message-ID: <20021009224716.4878.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: experienced Perl Programmer with networking background (onsite), United States, NJ, Piscataway
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/486

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October  9, 2002

Job title:
experienced Perl Programmer with networking background

Company name: Drexel Technical, Inc.

Internal ID: MMPERL

Location: United States, NJ, Piscataway

Pay rate: $80,000/year

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: PERM

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Position is full-time, direct with client, and is located in Piscataway, NJ
area. 
Require an experienced Perl Programmer with networking background (TCP/IP).
Want someone who loves to code and has a solid software development
background. Majority of experience is programming (Perl and C required) on
Linux platform. Must take Perl 5 developer Fundamentals test and score in
the 90th Percentile or better. A great plus would be to have experience
with development of a networking product, though not required. Interaction
with common Linux services (LDAP, IP cables, security).

Required skills:
Required skills:  Majority of experience is programming (Perl and C
required) on Linux platform. NO systems administrators - client requires a
programmer! But do not want a database programmer who wrote Perl scripts to
talk to database 90% of the time. 
At least a BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science. 
The right person will have good experience with networking and Perl
development skills of underlying networks, not just web sites. 
Successful candidates will have experience that goes beyond database or
application server work. Basically, for the past 3-4 years, many developers
went into web development; they require more than that. People who built
sites that spoke with database or have skills like Web Logic are probably
not a good fit. 
LDAP, PAM, SAMBA, ipchains.

Desired skills:
Desired skills:  Some Java or C++ is helpful. 
Socket programming experience is a major plus. 
Successful candidate will have between 7 and 10 years of programming
experience. 
Local candidates preferred.

URL for more information: http://www.drexelinc.com/

Contact information:
Jeff Cilea
Recruiting Director
Drexel Technical, Inc.
jcilea@drexelinc.com
fax: 610-353-9352


