Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:606
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 40230 invoked by uid 1016); 10 Oct 2002 19:37:11 -0000
Date: 10 Oct 2002 19:37:11 -0000
Message-ID: <20021010193711.40229.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Interwoven/Perl Developer, New York City (onsite), United States, NY, New York City
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/488

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October 10, 2002

Job title: Interwoven/Perl Developer, New York City

Company name: Client

Internal ID: InterwovenPerl

Location: United States, NY, New York City

Pay rate: 600-900/day

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Hourly employee

Length of employment: Long Term

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Interwoven/Perl Developer, New York City

My client is looking for an Interwoven/Perl consultant to be part of an
Interwoven Teamsite implementation project for an upcoming project in NYC.
The project is a redesign/extension of an existing Interwoven
implementation. The key factors are the integration of JSP, and JAVA
components into an existing Interwoven environment. Knowledge of other
Content Management Systems such as Documentum is a plus.

Project tasks would include:

Installing and configuring Interwoven within our development environment
TeamSite configuration and specifying the inputs, processing, and outputs
required of the script...same thing with a PERL script that will run at
some point in a workflow.

The project team would build the skeleton of the site and highlight which
parts of the workflow will have to integrated while the PERL expert would
just flesh out and test the code. That applies to Templating, too.
Integration of JAVA and JSP components with the goal of creating
personalization tools. Development of an architecture that relies on
OpenDeploy

Strong PERL and Interwoven development skills are required. All candidates
with more than 5 years of experience may apply ASAP.

My client is looking to interview someone on Tuesday.  The candidate they
were interested seems to be MIA 

Location: New York City
Duration: Long term
Rate: Open

US Citizens only.  Tri-state residents only. 

Please email resume and rate to: perljobsnyc@yahoo.com ASAP


Required skills:
Interwoven
Perl 

Contact information: perljobsnyc@yahoo.com


