Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:608
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 60527 invoked by uid 1016); 11 Oct 2002 18:25:15 -0000
Date: 11 Oct 2002 18:25:15 -0000
Message-ID: <20021011182515.60526.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Developer (onsite), United States, CA, Sebastopol
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/490

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: October 11, 2002

Job title: Web Developer

Company name: O'Reilly & Associates

Location: United States, CA, Sebastopol

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Regular, full-time

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
We're looking for an experienced Web Developer, fluent in Perl, to help
support the Online Publishing Group at O'Reilly. Requires CGI expertise,
knowledge of SQL, Apache and database management, and experience with
web-based content management systems. 

As a part of the development team, you will create new applications working
from specifications, develop and test code, and integrate new systems with
existing applications. Additionally you will respond to real-time site
needs, including troubleshooting and resolving issues related to web
applications and site performance.

You are a strong communicator with excellent analytical skills. You're able
to work on your own or with a team to come up with workable and elegant
solutions. You are able to give and receive feedback and you can distill
technical information and deliver it in a form that non-technical people
can readily understand. Sense of humor and people-skills a must.


Required skills:
·Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Perl with emphasis on OOP, CGI and
mod_perl. Requires web applications development experience for commercial
Internet sites

·Fundamental knowledge of web processing/design and software development.
Knowledge of general web application architecture, involving setup and
configuration of web servers and application servers

·Advanced knowledge of MySQL and experience in at least one other SQL
database required. Ability to configure or set-up database connectivity

·Working knowledge of Linux and familiarity with a second operating system

·Working knowledge of network topology/security required

·BS degree or 4-6 years hands-on work experience

URL for more information: http://www.oreilly.com/

Contact information:
E-mailed resumes preferred: jobs@oreilly.com
Fax: 707-829-9610
Mail: Attn - Jobs, 1005 Gravenstein Hwy. North, Sebastopol, CA 95472


