Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:6381
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 2944 invoked from network); 1 Jun 2007 21:36:11 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by lists.develooper.com with SMTP; 1 Jun 2007 21:36:11 -0000
Received: (qmail 14546 invoked by uid 225); 1 Jun 2007 21:36:11 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 14528 invoked by alias); 1 Jun 2007 21:36:10 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=3.8 required=8.0
	tests=BAYES_50,DKIM_POLICY_SIGNSOME,DK_POLICY_SIGNSOME,SPF_PASS,TVD_STOCK1
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received-SPF: pass (x1.develooper.com: local policy)
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Fri, 01 Jun 2007 14:35:55 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id 8AFC22AFE0; Fri,  1 Jun 2007 14:35:52 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20070601213552.8AFC22AFE0@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Fri,  1 Jun 2007 14:35:52 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Lead Software Developer (onsite), Canada, NB, Bathurst
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/5886

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June  1, 2007

Job title: Lead Software Developer

Company name: IC-Agency

Location: Canada, NB, Bathurst

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
IC-Agency is a cutting edge marketing consultancy company.  As a profitable
and well established business in Geneva, Switzerland for many years,
IC-Agency made the strategic decision of establishing a software production
and R&D office in Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada. 

To grow our Canadian software R&D team, we are currently looking for an
Lead Software Developer to participate in the production, planning, testing
and maintenance of our web-services and applications. Much of our software
is currently operated using LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP/Perl) on Linux
servers, while development is conducted in a mixed Windows/Linux network.
For the second phase in the development of a strategic product we are also
considering Java and the J2EE Framework as a platform option. You will be
expected to manage and contribute quality code using established software
engineering methodologies to one or more projects as directed by the senior
software architect. Generally you will be given the opportunity to lead all
technical aspects of a sub-project or component as you lead a small group
of intermediate and junior developers during the implementation phase. We
also assume that in your role, your input will provide a major influence
into the architectural decisions of the software. We also want you to stay
abreast of developments, standards, and trends in the web technology sector
- both server side and browser based - and welcome your creative input as
you contribute ideas and innovations to our projects on an ongoing basis.
You are an individual who takes pride in his/her accomplishments and
demeanor is characterized by urgency, focus and discipline.

The ideal candidate would possess strengths in the following areas: proven
knowledge in the core skills, problem solving, creative, curious, fast
learner, self managed and self sufficient, highly motivated to join a
rapidly growing organization and share the fundamental belief that the
Internet still holds untapped potential, team player willing to share his
knowledge, mentor and coach junior developers, keeps current with the
latest trends and emerging technologies, embraces technological change.

About our Company:

IC-Agency provides Competitive Intelligence, Customer Insight, Reputation
Management and e-Strategies to customer-centric Fortune 500 firms. We pride
ourselves on our client satisfaction, innovativeness and thirst for
knowledge. We believe that top quality products and services start with a
strong and dynamic team. As such, we offer our employees benefits, planning
flexibilities and a level of career satisfaction that rivals any top rated
employer in the IT and e-Marketing industry.

The Bathurst office location allows close proximity to our growing North
American operations, but also offers our growing workforce of career
professionals the absolute best quality of life. Bathurst is an ideal
location for a wealth of physical and leisure activities such as skiing,
snowmobiling, fishing, canoeing and sightseeing or simply taking long walks
on our many public beaches. Young families have the choice of French or
English education for their children from pre-school up to college.  You
will also benefit from very low property costs and taxes. 

Specific responsibilities:

You will be part of a small development group working simultaneously on one
or more projects in different phases of completion.  In your role as Lead
Software Developer, you will compliment the Senior Software Architect with
your strong cross-disciplinary LAMP skills which include apache/mod_perl,
OOPerl, PHP and MySQL. You will take on responsibilities for the
development of key software components that make up our web applications.
You will develop scalable web-service components and work on key parts of
our service infrastructure. You will also be involved with implementing
system administration, automation and monitoring environment as well as
directing the Testing Phase of new software products. You will also be
responsible to mentor the intermediate and junior members of our team as
necessary.


Required skills:
Must have or essential skills: 

   1. Minimum of 6+ years of experience as a software developer with a
minimum of 3+ years in a production/commercial environment.
   2. Proven experience with web development using at least ONE of these
environments: LAMP/mod_perl, LAMP/PHP, Linux based J2EE.
   3. Excellent proficiency at least TWO of these languages: PHP, PERL,
Java.
   4. Experience with web development JavaScript, DHTML and templating
frameworks.
   5. Usage of SQL databases at an advanced level and ability to write
efficient SQL code.
   6. Linux system and server deployment and administration. 
   7. Automation and scripting experience (shell or other language).
   8. Strong understanding of development and deployment processes of
scalable web applications, including server configuration, optimization and
security.
   9. Team player with strong communications skills, verbal and written.
   10. Past experience with general open source development, LAMP related
software and relevant Internet resources.


Desired skills:
Nice to have skills and skills which we would consider a definite plus:

   1. Demonstrated abilities in multitasking multiple projects at once.
   2. Proven experience in constructing interactive web-based GUIs.
   3. Past usage of AJAX or AJAX-frameworks (i.e. YUI) or AJAX-based
'mashups'.
   4. Experience with the implementation or usage of web services in
SOAP/XML-RPC.
   5. Experience with other database systems - in particular PosgresQL.
   6. Experience with LAMP compatible scaling technologies (server or
database clustering, memory caching, profiling, etc.)
   7. User Documentation authoring experience.
   8. Experience in the creation of testing documentation.
   9. Domain knowledge of consumer behaviors and demographics.
   10. Exposure to graphics design and image editing software (i.e.
Photoshop).

URL for more information: http://www.ic-agency.com/

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/5886#contact


