Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:6383
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 3256 invoked from network); 1 Jun 2007 21:37:53 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by lists.develooper.com with SMTP; 1 Jun 2007 21:37:53 -0000
Received: (qmail 15066 invoked by uid 225); 1 Jun 2007 21:37:52 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 15062 invoked by alias); 1 Jun 2007 21:37:52 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=3.8 required=8.0
	tests=BAYES_50,DKIM_POLICY_SIGNSOME,DK_POLICY_SIGNSOME,SPF_PASS,TVD_STOCK1
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received-SPF: pass (x1.develooper.com: local policy)
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Fri, 01 Jun 2007 14:36:07 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id E60EF2AFDD; Fri,  1 Jun 2007 14:36:03 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20070601213603.E60EF2AFDD@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Fri,  1 Jun 2007 14:36:03 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Intermediate Perl Developer (onsite), Canada, NB, Bathurst
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/5885

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June  1, 2007

Job title: Intermediate Perl Developer

Company name: IC-Agency

Location: Canada, NB, Bathurst

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
IC-Agency is a cutting edge marketing consultancy company.  As a profitable
and well established business in Geneva, Switzerland for many years,
IC-Agency made the strategic decision of establishing a software production
and R&D office in Bathurst, New Brunswick, Canada. 

To grow our Canadian software R&D team, we are currently looking for
Intermediate Perl Developers to participate in the production, planning,
testing and maintenance of our web-services and applications. Much of our
software is operated using LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, Perl) on Linux
servers, while development is conducted in a mixed Windows/Linux network. 
You will be expected to contribute quality code using established software
engineering methodologies to one or more projects as directed by the senior
software architect. At times, you will be given the opportunity to lead all
technical aspects of a project or component, as you gain seniority within
our company. We also want you to stay abreast of developments, standards,
and trends in the web technology sector - both server side and browser
based - and welcome your creative input as you contribute ideas and
innovations to our projects on an ongoing basis. You are an individual who
takes pride in his/her accomplishments and demeanor is characterized by
urgency, focus and discipline.

The ideal candidate would possess strengths in the following areas: proven
knowledge in the core skills, problem solving, creative, curious, fast
learner, self managed and self sufficient, highly motivated to join a
rapidly growing organization and share the fundamental belief that the
Internet still holds untapped potential, team player willing to share his
knowledge, mentor and coach junior developers, keeps current with the
latest trends and emerging technologies, embraces technological change.

About our Company:

IC-Agency provides Competitive Intelligence, Customer Insight, Reputation
Management and e-Strategies to customer-centric Fortune 500 firms. We pride
ourselves on our client satisfaction, innovativeness and thirst for
knowledge. We believe that top quality products and services start with a
strong and dynamic team. As such, we offer our employees benefits, planning
flexibilities and a level of career satisfaction that rivals any top rated
employer in the IT and e-Marketing industry.

The Bathurst office location allows close proximity to our growing North
American operations, but also offers our growing workforce of career
professionals the absolute best quality of life. Bathurst is an ideal
location for a wealth of physical and leisure activities such as skiing,
snowmobiling, fishing, canoeing and sightseeing or simply taking long walks
on our many public beaches. Young families have the choice of French or
English education for their children from pre-school up to college.  You
will also benefit from very low property costs and taxes. 

Specific responsibilities:

You will be part of a development team working simultaneously on one or
more projects in different phases of completion.  In your role as
Intermediate PERL Developer, you will compliment the Senior Software
Architect with your strong apache/mod_perl, OOPerl and MySQL skills. You
will take an important role in the development of key software components
that make up our web applications. You will develop scalable web-service
components and work on key parts of our service infrastructure. You may be
the main contributor to our system administration, automation and
monitoring environment. You will also be responsible to train junior team
members who will be joining us on an ongoing bases.

Required skills:
Must have or essential skills: 

   1. Minimum of 4+ years of experience as a software developer.
   2. Proven experience with web development using LAMP or WAMP.
   3. Excellent proficiency with the PERL language and the mod_perl apache
extension.
   4. Experience with web development JavaScript, DHTML and mod_per based
templating frameworks such as Mason.
   5. Usage of MySQL at an advanced level and ability to write efficient
SQL code.
   6. Linux system administration and shell scripting experience.
   7. Strong understanding of development and deployment processes of
hosted web applications, including server configuration and optimization.
   8. Team player with strong communications skills, verbal and written.

Desired skills:
Nice to have skills and skills which we would consider a definite plus:

   1. Experience in the creation of testing documentation.
   2. Demonstrated abilities in multitasking multiple projects at once.
   3. Proven experience in constructing interactive web-based GUIs.
   4. Proficiency in PHP and PHP frameworks such as Smarty.
   5. Past usage of AJAX or AJAX-frameworks (i.e. YUI).
   6. Experience with the implementation or usage of web services in
SOAP/XML-RPC.
   7. Experience with other database systems - in particular PosgresQL.
   8. User Documentation authoring experience.
   9. Domain knowledge of consumer behaviors and demographics.
   10. Exposure to graphics design and image editing software (i.e.
Photoshop).
   11. Past experience with general open source development, LAMP related
software and Internet resources (CPAN).

URL for more information: http://www.ic-agency.com/

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/5885#contact


