Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:645
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 60293 invoked by uid 1016); 13 Nov 2002 18:07:48 -0000
Date: 13 Nov 2002 18:07:48 -0000
Message-ID: <20021113180748.60292.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: perl developer/trading firm/clearing systems (onsite), United States, IL, Chicago-Loop
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/523

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: November 13, 2002

Job title:
perl developer/trading firm/clearing systems

Company name: TD Securities

Location: United States, IL, Chicago-Loop

Pay rate: Competitive

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Get exposure to the dynamic environment of equity options by joining a team
that is one of the largest options market making firms in the world. TD
Options, the options market making business of TD Securities, acts as a
market-maker and is a leader in innovating technology and incorporating
sophisticated quantitative research and analytics to increase the
efficiency, profitability and risk management of its trading and
market-making business. We have a tradition of attracting the industry's
most talented trading, support, quantitative research and IT professionals
and we are well known for our superior proprietary technological
infrastructure. 

Our Applications Development & Support Group is actively recruiting an
experienced Perl Software Developer, specifically for our Back Office
Development Group. You will be responsible for the design, development, and
support of business critical applications used by both traders and back
office operations. In addition, you will work with clearing firms, internal
risk management staff, and software vendors to develop and implement
business systems and solutions.


Required skills:
BS in Computer Science or related field required
-Minimum of 3-5 years Perl development experience, preferably in a
broker/dealer environment
-Experience developing applications for back office (accounting/clearing,
etc) operations
-Proven experience with  Perl, SQL Server, Shell Scripting, and Crystal
Reports in both Windows & Unix environments
-Strong understanding of transaction processing and working knowledge of
equity, index, and other financial derivatives trading operations,
including back office
-Proven ability to work in a fast-paced, time critical environment, while
producing quality work



URL for more information: http://www.tdsecurities.com/

Contact information:
For immediate consideration, please email your resume to
Kelly.McCoy@tdsecurities.com or fax to 312.244.2407. Local candidates only.



