Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:649
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 69708 invoked by uid 1016); 20 Nov 2002 06:09:09 -0000
Date: 20 Nov 2002 06:09:09 -0000
Message-ID: <20021120060909.69707.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: US-CA Perl/Oracle Database Developer (onsite), United States, CA, Alhambra
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/527

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: November 19, 2002

Job title: US-CA Perl/Oracle Database Developer

Location: United States, CA, Alhambra

Pay rate: $80-95K + options

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Please review the description below.  If you are interested, please send me
your updated resume to al@equestsolutions.com (that explains in detail your
Perl, PL/SQL, SQL and UNIX shell scripting experience/responsibilities at
each employer that match the position requirements) as a word document.  I
will then call you to tell you all about the company, position and team. 
Please note that all of your Perl and PL/SQL experience must be in the body
of your resume to be considered.

If you are not interested, due to your excellent industry experience, I was
hoping you could help me out and refer me to a Sr Oracle Database Developer
(that has exp w/Perl and Unix shell scripting) that you have worked with or
know of that would be interested in the following position in Alhambra, CA.


I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide me and would be happy
to provide you with a referral fee for any resulting placements.

Location: Alhambra, CA
Salary: $75-95K + options

A leading Global Internet Company is looking for an Sr Oracle Database
Developer.  Company has been public for over 3 years, has been profitable
for the past 4 Quarters and has $120+ million in cash.	Company has over
500 employees.

The Sr Oracle Database Developer will be responsible for developing
Company’s backend Oracle database applications, in a UNIX (Solaris)
environment, using Perl, SQL, PL/SQL and Unix shell scripts.  Company is
running several instances of Oracle 8i databases on Solaris, loading
100,000’s transactions/day of financial data into a 30+ terabyte Data
Warehouse. Transaction processing system is developed in Perl, PL/SQL and
SQL. Candidate will be responsible for developing the systems for
stability, scalability and efficiency.	Responsible for designing and
optimizing database schema, queries, and complex stored procedures under
Oracle 8. Locate and fix bugs in the existing Perl, SQL and PL/SQL code
base.  Create and modify Unix shell scripts. Candidate will also maintain
the integrity of the databases in order to provide accurate information. 
Candidate will provide technical assistance by responding to inquires from
users regarding errors, problems or questions about programs. Ensure
availability of data in a timely manner. Consult with users to design and
code reports/programs to meet their needs.  Candidate will be required to
be on-call 1 week every 2 months.

Company offers full benefits (PPO & HMO) including dental and vision, 401K,
Stock Options and Purchase Plans, 2 weeks vacation, 8 paid sick days, Short
and Long Term Disability, Life Insurance and flexible work hours that all
start upon employment.


Required skills:
MUST HAVE 3+ years of Oracle Database Development with Perl, SQL and
PL/SQL, preferably on large, high volume systems.
MUST HAVE Perl and Unix Shell Scripting experience, preferably on Solaris.
PLUS:
Unix System Administration or DBA experience is a plus, but not necessary.
Experience in Database logical and physical design is a plus, but not
necessary.
OLAP programming tools (i.e. Business Objects, Pillar, etc.) is a plus but
not necessary

Please do NOT apply unless you have Perl and Unix shell scripting
experience.  Only candidates with Perl and Unix shell scripting experience
will be considered.

*Company is unable to sponsor or perform corp to corp for Visa holders. *
*Company will not offer relocation assistance. *

Company is in position to hire immediately.  Qualified candidates can
expect to perform a phone interview within 24 hours, in-person interview
within 72 hours and, if applicable, an offer immediately following.


Contact information: al@equestsolutions.com


