Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:652
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 39476 invoked by uid 1016); 22 Nov 2002 17:40:13 -0000
Date: 22 Nov 2002 17:40:13 -0000
Message-ID: <20021122174013.39475.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Content Management Production Engineer (onsite), Switzerland, Geneva
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/530

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: November 22, 2002

Job title: Content Management Production Engineer

Company name: World Health Organization

Internal ID: Information Retrieval Query IRQ/3

Location: Switzerland, Geneva

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The aim of the Department of Health Information Management and
Dissemination (IMD) is to share health information that guides health
policy and practice in countries and internationally.  Working with all
technical departments in HQ, as well as with regional offices, the IMD Web
Team strives to identify the health information needs of WHO’s main target
audiences and to help deliver accurate information in timely and
appropriate ways.  

The WHO Web Site is the first point of entry for many people who are
looking for information about or from the WHO. Therefore, it is crucial
that the WHO Web Site reflect the high-quality image we want to portray to
the world. The development and maintenance of such a web site requires a
wide range of needed skills.

In the context of operational support for existing web software and content
management procedures, The Web Team in IMD has identified a need for a
position to provide development and maintenance for existing Perl-based
software as well as the need for creative troubleshooting and problem
solving for the operational aspects of the Web Team and its application
development as well as the proper functioning of the WHO Web Site.

This role will work closely with the software development group within the
Web Team by helping maintain the central Mason templates and other backend
systems.

The Production Engineer will report to the manager of the Web Team and will
collaborate with other staff in IMD and will work closely with staff in
Information Technology and Telecommunications (ITT) such as the Security
and Web Architecture (SWA) team as well as Management Information System
(MIS).	

The responsibilities of this staff member will fall into the following
areas:

1. Play a key role within the Web Team to establish APIs and any other
standards required for Web applications that have been developed inside the
Web Team or by others outside.

2. Be responsible for identifying and carrying out a wide range of the Web
programming tasks required by the Web Team.  These tasks will include
developing blocks of syndicated data and a standard query mechanism so that
these may be included on internal or external Web sites. They will also
include the development of a flexible, dynamic navigational system for the
WHO Web site, and developing and supporting logging analysis for Web logs,
including hits, error and search logs, as required.

3. Actively contribute to the direction of the Web Team development.  This
could include, for instance, proposing important programming tasks or
identifying urgencies that the team needs to address. The Production
Engineer should also advise on syndication best practices and propose
appropriate technologies and solutions for delivery of the project. The
Production Engineer will help develop WHO policy on such practices. This
includes liaison work with other IMD teams in the areas of syndication and
dissemination. 

4. The Production Engineer will participate in, plan agenda and maintain
mailing lists for the WWG, a cross cluster project that sets web policy for
WHO.

5. The Production Engineer will help foster relations across departments by
consulting to technical focal points in need of development advice and
expertise.

6. With the Web Team, develop appropriate meta-data structures and data
models for the site.

7. Contribute, as necessary, to efforts to document Web Team applications,
the technologies it uses, and the systems and code developed for it. This
includes evaluating and implementing new technologies as they become
available.
 
8. Collaborate closely with the Senior Software Developer and other team
members to provide the project deliverables within an agreed-upon
timeframe. This includes consultation with development efforts within IMD,
such as the IPC project.


Required skills:
The Production Engineer requires:

* scripting language (Perl and HTML::Mason a bonus);
* Experience with Bricolage a plus
* familiar with XML, XSLT, CSS and SQL;
* HTML, DHTML, JavaScript a must
* database experience, preferably PostgreSQL and/or MS SQL 2000 
* familiar with various Information Science theories; 
* comfortable programming under Linux and Windows NT; 
* knowledgeable in data modelling and data architecture techniques.


Desired skills:
The successful applicant will exhibit the following characteristics:

* eagerness to learn new technologies;
* good communicative skills, fluency in English;
* an interest in exposing himself or herself to and gaining experience with
the technology and processes of web publication, as well as the health
technical content produced by WHO.


Contact information:
Email your resume to

Christina Kwan - kwan@who.int

Subject: Information Retrieval Query IRQ/3

This must be exact subject line or they'll get thrown out!


