Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:665
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 69643 invoked by uid 1016); 4 Dec 2002 16:58:33 -0000
Date: 4 Dec 2002 16:58:33 -0000
Message-ID: <20021204165833.69642.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl/Oracle Database Systems Developer (onsite), United States, CA, Alhambra
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/543

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: December  4, 2002

Job title: Perl/Oracle Database Systems Developer

Company name: eQuest Solutions

Location: United States, CA, Alhambra

Pay rate: $80-95K + options

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Please review the description below.  If you are interested, please send me
your updated resume (that explains in detail your Perl, PL/SQL, SQL, SQL
Loader and UNIX shell scripting experience/responsibilities for database
development at each employer that match the position requirements) as a
word document attachment.  I will then call you to tell you all about the
company, position and team.  Please note that all of your Perl and PL/SQL
experience must be detailed in the body of your resume to be considered.

If you are not interested, due to your excellent industry experience, I was
hoping you could help me out and refer me to a Sr Oracle Database Developer
(that has exp w/Perl and Unix shell scripting) that you have worked with or
know of that would be interested in the following position in Alhambra, CA.


I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide me and would be happy
to provide you with a referral fee for any resulting placements.


A leading Global Internet Company is looking for an Sr Oracle Database
Developer.  Company has been public for over 3 years, has been profitable
for the past 4 Quarters and has $120+ million in cash.	Company has over
500 employees.

The Sr Oracle Database Developer will be responsible for developing
Company’s backend Oracle database applications, in a UNIX (Solaris)
environment, using Perl, SQL, PL/SQL, SQL Loader and Unix shell scripts. 
Company is running several instances of Oracle 8i databases on Solaris,
loading 100,000’s transactions/day of financial data into a 30+ terabyte
Data Warehouse. Transaction processing system is developed in Perl, PL/SQL,
SQL Loader and SQL. Candidate will be responsible for developing the
systems for stability, scalability and efficiency.  Responsible for
designing and optimizing database schema, queries, and complex stored
procedures under Oracle 8. Locate and fix bugs in the existing Perl, SQL,
SQL Loader and PL/SQL code base.  Create and modify Unix shell scripts.
Candidate will also maintain the integrity of the databases in order to
provide accurate information.  Candidate will provide technical assistance
by responding to inquires from users regarding errors, problems or
questions about programs. Ensure availability of data in a timely manner.
Consult with users to design and code reports/programs to meet their needs.
 Candidate will be required to be on-call 1 week every 2 months.

Company offers full benefits (PPO & HMO) including dental and vision, 401K,
Stock Options and Purchase Plans, 2 weeks vacation, 8 paid sick days, Short
and Long Term Disability, Life Insurance and flexible work hours that all
start upon employment.


Required skills:
REQUIREMENTS
MUST HAVE 3+ years of Oracle Database Development with SQL, SQL Loader and
PL/SQL, preferably on large, high volume systems.
MUST HAVE Perl and Unix Shell Scripting experience, preferably on Solaris.


Desired skills:
PLUS:
Unix System Administration or DBA experience is a plus, but not necessary.
Experience in Database logical and physical design is a plus, but not
necessary.
OLAP programming tools (i.e. Business Objects, Pillar, etc.) is a plus but
not necessary

Please do NOT apply unless you have Perl and Unix shell scripting
experience.  Only candidates with Perl and Unix shell scripting experience
will be considered.

*Company is unable to sponsor or perform corp to corp for Visa holders. *
*Company will not offer relocation assistance. *

Company is in position to hire immediately.  Qualified candidates can
expect to perform a phone interview within 24 hours, in-person interview
within 72 hours and, if applicable, an offer immediately following.


Contact information: al@equestsolutions.com


