Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:667
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 30283 invoked by uid 1016); 4 Dec 2002 17:42:14 -0000
Date: 4 Dec 2002 17:42:14 -0000
Message-ID: <20021204174214.30282.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Developer - Merchants (onsite), WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/546

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: December  4, 2002

Job title: Web Developer - Merchants

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 02-007271

Location: WA, Seattle

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: OPEN

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Interested in working in challenging, exciting, and high-impact Web
development projects? Join the Merchants web-dev team! Our team builds the
selling platform that allows multiple merchants to sell at Amazon.com. We
lead the Web development for sites such as target.com and many other such
initiatives next year. Our projects are all about enhancing the Merchants
Platform and adding selection to Amazon.com. As a Web developer on the
Merchants team, you will work independently and with software engineers,
program managers, and design team members to create dynamic, optimized
templates and front–end API’s for Amazon.com and it’s related partners on
the platform. Documented delivery of your ability to effectively explain
technical options and limitations to both technical and non-technical
audiences is required. You will be responsible for real-time operational
support of the team's functional areas as well as brainstorming features
and ideas. You will design and implement scalable, flexible features using
HTML, Mason, Perl, and other Web technologies. 

Required skills:
All candidates must have UNIX (or LINUX) experience. Candidates will have
working knowledge of HTML, scripting languages, Perl, and current trends in
Web technology, as well as the desire to learn new technologies.
Understanding of Algorithms and basic data structures is required.
Candidates must be innovative, creative, flexible, self-directed, and
understand how to design and write high-performance, reliable, maintainable
code.

Desired skills:
Candidate's ability to quickly adapt to new development environments,
changing business requirements and learning new systems is highly desired.
A Bachelor's degree in computer science or a relevant area is highly
desired. Experience with other Web technologies like ASP, JSP, PHP, or
graphics software such as Photoshop is a plus. Experience with large
database driven web sites or applications is a plus. Please send source
code samples and URL samples.

URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/

Contact information:
Please send resume in ASCI-text format to infra-jobs@amazon.com.



