Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:689
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 69762 invoked by uid 1016); 19 Dec 2002 00:38:47 -0000
Date: 19 Dec 2002 00:38:47 -0000
Message-ID: <20021219003847.69761.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Engineer with Expert Perl Skills needed at Amazon.com (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/567

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: December 18, 2002

Job title:
Web Engineer with Expert Perl Skills needed at Amazon.com

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 02-007732

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Pay rate: neg.

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:

Amazon.com International is seeking an experienced Web Developer with
expertise in object oriented Perl or Java to fill a role in our
Seattle-based International Web Development Support group.This small team
works closely with both Seattle-based International Program Management and
International Systems (IT) and local, in-country teams to ensure the smooth
development and deployment of features and maintenance support on all of
Amazon.com's international sites in the United Kingdom, Germany, France,
Japan and Canada. In addition this team also seeds development teams to
lead the expansion of Amazon.com into new countries and acts as liaisons
between various software and web development teams in the United States and
the teams in Europe and Japan.This position requires a high level of
technical mastery coupled with excellent communication, diplomatic and
customer service skills. Not only do you need to understand services in
terms of system architecture, but you must also understand service in terms
of a workplace philosophy. Serving other groups and acting as a resource
for developers in other countries to assist and lead, both formally and
informally, is one of the primary roles of this position. So a sense of
humor and patience are required, and previous experience working in a
distributed environment is highly desired.A successful applicant will
demonstrate the ability to effectively explain technical options and
limitations to both technical and nontechnical audiences and especially to
people whom English is a second language. The ability to speak, read and
write in a foreign language is highly desired for this position, but not
required as the majority of communication occurs in English. You will be
responsible for real-time operational support of the team's functional
areas, which include website features and centrally controlled tools and
systems as well as for brainstorming features and ideas with a focus on
clean, scalable design, feature globalization and problem solving
deployment or localization issues. Amazon.com is an Oracle database-driven
Linux/UNIX shop. Successful candidates will have an excellent, demonstrated
working knowledge of a variety of technologies such as HTML, cascading
style sheets, JavaScript, Perl, Mason, XML, XSL-T, Web Services and current
trends in Web technology, as well as the desire to learn new technologies.
Specific skills in object oriented languages, especially OO Perl and Java
is highly desired. Exposure to database design, structure, and
implementation on the Web is highly desired. Experience writing
high-performance, reliable code in C or C++ is a plus. Experience managing
a team of Web developers is a plus, and a bachelor's degree in computer
science or a relevant area is also a plus.Amazon.com offers competitive
compensation packages including 401(k), restricted stock, comprehensive
health care, and the opportunity to significantly impact the way customers
buy online. 





Required skills: Perl HTML Javascript XML

Desired skills: Mason and knowing a 2nd language

Contact information:
jwallner@amazon.com
Recruiter |Amazon.com
www.amazon.com/jobs



