Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:707
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 86242 invoked by uid 1016); 11 Jan 2003 02:15:23 -0000
Date: 11 Jan 2003 02:15:23 -0000
Message-ID: <20030111021523.86241.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: WEB DEVELOPMENT MANAGER/PERL (onsite), United States, Washington, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/582

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January 10, 2003

Job title: WEB DEVELOPMENT MANAGER/PERL

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 7883

Location: United States, Washington, Seattle

Pay rate: Negotiable

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
WEB DEVELOPMENT MANAGER/PERL
*multiple openings and projects and departments vary*

ABOUT US:

Amazon.com, a Fortune 500 company based in Seattle, opened its virtual
doors on the World Wide Web in July 1995 and today offers Earth's Biggest
Selection. Amazon.com seeks to be the world's most customer-centric
company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to
buy online at a great price. Amazon.com and sellers list millions of unique
new and used items in categories such as apparel and accessories,
electronics, computers, kitchenware and housewares, books, music, DVDs,
videos, cameras and photo items, toys, baby items and baby registry,
software, computer and video games, cell phones and service, tools and
hardware, travel services, magazine subscriptions and outdoor living items.


Amazon.com is looking for a seasoned Web development manager for its US
Retail and Marketing group. As a manager in the USRM group, you will have
the opportunity to be involved with many aspects of maintaining and
innovating a large e-commerce Web site. Some of the duties you will perform
are day-to-day tasks of management, innovating current processes, as well
as developing new features and functionality. We are looking for a proven
Web development manager with very strong communication and management
skills. You will be working very closely with business owners, project
managers, and QA to enhance and improve the Web site. You will also be
responsible for the career development of a staff of 4 to 6 Web developers.
This management position will also afford you the opportunity to work
closely with other technical groups in order to ensure the development and
deployment of a new consistent platform based on sound coding standards.

Required skills:
All candidates must have Unix and Windows experience. Knowledge of Linux is
a plus. A successful candidate will have 3 to 5 years of proven management
experience. Candidates will have an excellent working knowledge of HTML,
cascading style sheets, JavaScript, Perl, object-oriented models (C++,
Java, OOPERL), and current trends in Web technology, as well as the desire
to learn new technologies. Experience with other Web technologies like ASP,
Mason, JSP, PHP, and their implementations are essential to success in this
position. 


Desired skills:
Exposure to database design, structure, and implementation on the Web is
highly desired. A bachelor's degree in computer science or a relevant area
is also a plus.


URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/

Contact information:
Please email resumes to: xsite-techjobs@amazon.com and reference 03-007664.


