Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:726
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 55477 invoked by uid 1016); 22 Jan 2003 07:28:21 -0000
Date: 22 Jan 2003 07:28:21 -0000
Message-ID: <20030122072821.55476.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Appliance Interface Programmer (onsite), United States, Oregon, Portland
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/602

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January 21, 2003

Job title: Appliance Interface Programmer

Company name: MiraLink

Location: United States, Oregon, Portland

Pay rate: depends on experience

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: 30-90 Days

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
MiraLink is the leader in remote disk mirroring over IP networks. 
Providing 
disaster recovery appliances to enterprises and service providers since 
1994, MiraLink products deliver an unprecedented level of information
safety 
within the data replication market segment through a robust, cost effective

system.  Please visit our website at http://www.miralink.com to learn more 

about our company and products.

MiraLink is currently seeking to contract a senior software developer with
a 
proven track record demonstrating the initiative to organize and complete 
projects with little supervision in our small high-paced and 
high-expectation environment.  This opportunity is for the kind of 
programmer who has the imagination, talent, and self-direction to turn 
specifications into results.  There may be room on our internal team for
the 
right person.




Required skills:
Develops software that meets or exceeds given detailed, technical 
specifications; works with internal employees and other contractors as 
required to understand and meet project requirements; meets or exceeds 
standards of performance and conduct; meets deadlines.

Requirements
·	Strong analytical and problem solving skills
·	Excellent written and oral communication skills
·	Ability to imagine and deliver robust code within agreed  timelines

·	BS degree or equivalent training and experience combination
·	Strong application development background specifically	including:
	o	Strong general UNIX background including Free BSD and Linux

	o	Perl
	o	Mod_Perl
	o	C 
·	Ability to extensively test and debug software

Responsibilities
·	Research, develop, and document applications as specified and  
assigned 
during the contract period.




Desired skills:

Preference given to those with backgrounds that include:
·	Embedded systems development
·	Storage systems / SCSI development

URL for more information: http://www.miralink.com/

Contact information:
Please send resume to rmccabe@miralink.com Preference given to those 
applications that include a statement of compensation requirements.



