Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:732
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 88515 invoked by uid 1016); 28 Jan 2003 16:57:02 -0000
Date: 28 Jan 2003 16:57:02 -0000
Message-ID: <20030128165702.88514.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Network Application Development (onsite), Canada, Ontario, Toronto
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/608

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January 28, 2003

Job title: Network Application Development

Company name: Vergen Inc.

Internal ID: hr@vergen.net

Location: Canada, Ontario, Toronto

Pay rate:
$400 a week minimum, commensurate with technical ability

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: 1 year, 3 month probation

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Our company is looking for someone who is eager to learn new
technologies,applications, and operating environments.	We are looking for
an individual who has excellent troubleshooting abilities and technical
aptitude.

This individual will assist existing programmers by being responsible for
the client facing portion of web development projects and web applications.


This position has much room for growth as our company is small but
profitable, and involved with various projects utilizing various
technologies; including high-end Cisco switching and routing equipment,
Linux and Unix based firewalling, Intrusion Detection Systems, and Storage
Area Networking (SAN).	Technical ability and capacity to learn quickly is
a major asset.


Typical duties for this position would include:

- Creating graphics for web sites
- Creating full-working websites with the use of HTML, Javascript and CSS
- Some server-side programming (Perl, PHP, Python)
- Speaking to clients regarding development projects
- Debugging and checking cross-browser compatibility
- Standard office flow duties (answering phones when necessary, etc)


Intermittent Duties would include:

- Web research
- System Administration (maintenence of online systems)

Required skills:
- Must be able to code HTML by hand.  No WYSIWYG tools. No exceptions.
- Must be proficient in Adobe Photoshop, and Illustrator
- Must have CSS (cascading style sheets) experience
- Must have experience implementing Javascript

Desired skills:
- Experience with 'The GIMP' would be a major asset
- Experience in a Unix, C, Perl, Shell Script programming a major asset

We use a variety of Linux based applications and tools, including Apache
Web Server, PHP, Perl, MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Shell scripting. Experience
in any or all of these technologies will be a major consideration for our
selection. Although these skills are not immedately necessary, you will be
expected to learn these skills on-the-job.

Contact information:
Please send resumes to the follow e-mail addresses:

hr@vergen.net
debianviphp@yahoo.com


