Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:736
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 58447 invoked by uid 1016); 30 Jan 2003 19:03:45 -0000
Date: 30 Jan 2003 19:03:45 -0000
Message-ID: <20030130190345.58445.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: mod_perl/bio_perl/DBI programmer for large-scale genomics project (onsite), Canada, Quebec, Montreal
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/611

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January 30, 2003

Job title:
mod_perl/bio_perl/DBI programmer for large-scale genomics project

Company name: Concordia University

Internal ID: Fungal Genomics Project

Location: Canada, Quebec, Montreal

Pay rate: depends on skills and experience

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: one year renewable

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The Fungal Genomics Project has been awarded a $7 million dollar,
three-year research project funded by Genome Quebec and Genome Canada
commencing April 2002. We have launched a large-scale, gene discovery
program where we expect to identify over 70,000 new genes.  Of particular
interest to the project are genes from fungal species that encode enzymes
with potential function in biopulping, biobleaching and degradation of
environmental pollutants, and biosynthesis of complex chemicals. 
The perl programmer will assist in development of data management and
analysis systems in the Fungal Genomics Project within Concordia
University's Centre for  Structural and Functional Genomics.


Required skills:
 This position requires advanced level C++ experience, object-oriented
Perl, BioPerl and Mod_Perl programming skills and experience with SQL; some
GUI experience is a plus. Previous experience with Javascript, PHP is
desirable and additional familiarity with Java and CORBA would be an asset.
 Demonstrate knowledge of CPAN and modules as well as experience with XML
and CVS. This position will work on both Windows, Linux and Unix platforms;
proficiency using Visual C++ is necessary, Perl scripting experience
required. A solid knowledge of database fundamentals with SQL experience is
required. Must have demonstrated experience with current systems and
development of medium size projects.
A BS in Computer Science or equivalent and two years experience in
commercial software development is required. A master's degree in computer
science is preferred.

Desired skills:
The ideal candidate for this mid-level developer position will have a solid
knowledge of the fundamental principles of software development practices,
good object oriented design and programming skills, as well as scripting,
systems administration and testing experience as required by the varying
work scope supporting research efforts. The candidate will also have good
technical communication skills as well as the ability to work with
statisticians, biologists and bioinformatics scientists. Besides having an
excellent communication and interpersonal skills, the applicant should be
willing to learn and adapt as the job involves a multidisciplinary field.

URL for more information:
http://gene.concordia.ca/csfg/Homepage.html

Contact information:
Margaret Guest
Project Manager
Fungal Genomics Project - Department of Biology
Concordia University
1455 de Maisonneuve Blvd West
Montreal, Quebec
Canada, HH3G 1M8
e-mail: genecan@gene.concordia.ca
Fax: (514) 848-4504


