Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:737
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 99722 invoked by uid 1016); 30 Jan 2003 20:41:00 -0000
Date: 30 Jan 2003 20:41:00 -0000
Message-ID: <20030130204100.99721.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Systems Analyst, Payments (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/612

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January 30, 2003

Job title: Systems Analyst, Payments

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 02-007905

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Pay rate: OPEN

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: OPEN

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
As a member of the Global Payments group, the systems analyst is
responsible for providing tools and reports falling outside the scope of
larger projects in order to improve the efficiency of the department. The
systems analyst position requires a self-starter with strong
organizational, analytical, communication, and interpersonal skills. The
applicant must be able to work in a fast-paced, multinational environment,
be able to handle multiple tasks and projects simultaneously, take
initiative, meet deadlines, and complete assigned tasks with minimal
supervision. The applicant must have the technical aptitude to be able to
correspond with the technical team and the business owners, and be able to
serve as a liaison between the two groups. Key responsibilities will
include serving as a liaison between the group and the technical team to
enhance the efficiency and accuracy of transaction processing; working with
other groups' systems to document necessary changes needed to be able to
automate existing processes that impact Global Payments; and creating new
tools, as necessary, to automate daily reporting and monitoring
requirements. 

Required skills:
Requirements include 3 or more years of experience in banking or the credit
card industry; experience with Perl, C, SQL, Essbase, and Excel is
required. A competency in HTML is highly desired. A bachelor's degree,
preferably in business or a related discipline, is strongly preferred.

Desired skills:
Perl, C, SQL, Essbase, and Excel is required

URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/

Contact information: jobs@amazon.com


