Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:749
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 75111 invoked by uid 1016); 18 Feb 2003 01:06:21 -0000
Date: 18 Feb 2003 01:06:21 -0000
Message-ID: <20030218010621.75110.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl developers with web dev experience needed (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/637

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: February 17, 2003

Job title:
Perl developers with web dev experience needed

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 02-007721

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Pay rate: salary

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Interested in working in challenging, exciting, and high-impact Web
development projects? Join the Merchants web-dev team! Our team builds the
selling platform that allows multiple merchants to sell at Amazon.com. We
lead the Web development for sites such as target.com and many other such
initiatives next year. Our projects are all about enhancing the Merchants
Platform and adding selection to Amazon.com. As a Web developer on the
Merchants team, you will work independently and with software engineers,
program managers, and design team members to create dynamic, optimized
templates and front-end API's for Amazon.com and it's related partners on
the platform. Documented delivery of your ability to effectively explain
technical options and limitations to both technical and non-technical
audiences is required. You will be responsible for real-time operational
support of the team's functional areas as well as brainstorming features
and ideas. You will design and implement scalable, flexible features using
HTML, Mason, Perl, and other Web technologies.Requirements: All candidates
must have UNIX (or LINUX) experience. Candidates will have working
knowledge of HTML, scripting languages, Perl, and current trends in Web
technology, as well as the desire to learn new technologies. Understanding
of Algorithms and basic data structures is required. Candidates must be
innovative, creative, flexible, self-directed, and understand how to design
and write high-performance, reliable, maintainable code. Candidate's
ability to quickly adapt to new development environments, changing business
requirements and learning new systems is highly desired. A Bachelor's
degree in computer science or a relevant area is highly desired. Experience
with other Web technologies like ASP, JSP, PHP, or graphics software such
as Photoshop is a plus. Experience with large database driven web sites or
applications is a plus. Please send source code samples and URL samples.


Required skills:
Perl
HTML
Javascript
*nix 


URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/jobs

Contact information:
jwallner@amazon.com
Jeanine Wallner
Recruiter | Amazon.com



