Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:7569
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 27977 invoked from network); 22 Jan 2008 07:24:58 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 22 Jan 2008 07:24:58 -0000
Received: (qmail 25351 invoked by uid 225); 22 Jan 2008 07:24:57 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 25344 invoked by alias); 22 Jan 2008 07:24:57 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-10.6 required=8.0
	tests=BAYES_00,RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Mon, 21 Jan 2008 23:24:53 -0800
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id 509302AF9A; Mon, 21 Jan 2008 23:24:50 -0800 (PST)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20080122072450.509302AF9A@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Mon, 21 Jan 2008 23:24:50 -0800 (PST)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Sr. Software Engineer for Top 40 Website (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/7770

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: January 21, 2008

Job title: Sr. Software Engineer for Top 40 Website

Company name: WhitePages.com

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Want to… 
Work on a top-40 website and the Internet’s leading people search engine,
doing hundreds of millions of searches every month, without being a cog in
a very large wheel?   Be involved in the full cycle of product development,
from design to release, where millions of people see your work? Join an
insanely smart, highly productive, creative, and innovative team?
Then join us as a Sr. Software Engineer….
Our Software Engineers are responsible for designing and building systems
to search billions of records in milliseconds for WhitePages.com Inc.’s
software, services, and applications. 
We need….
Great, passionate engineers who want to build and ship highly-scalable,
highly-performance products, and who want to learn from some of the best
architects and engineers in the industry. We’re a LAMP shop with particular
expertise in Perl, PostgreSQL, and MySQL. 
What the Sr. Software Engineer position is all about: 
The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for the design, development,
and maintenance of WhitePages.com Inc.’s software, services, and
applications. This can include project implementation, code development,
maintenance, build management, architecture, design, project management,
and other work as assigned by the department’s Development Managers.
Initial projects will be focused on object oriented design and development
for our database driven web applications utilizing Perl. 

Responsibilities may include:

•	Write high-performance code and create scaleable systems according
to business and IT resource requirements.
•	Write maintainable code that is easy to read, well-documented, and
compliant with best-practice style conventions.
•	Write code containing minimal bugs, and assist in QA as needed.
•	Independently analyze, propose, and develop solutions for advanced
technical problems and issues
•	Meet development milestones and business objectives on schedule.
•	Write software consistent with business objectives and project or
task requirements
•	Contribute with strong personal effort and commitment to
engineering initiatives.
•	Assist with application build management including implementing,
maintaining and troubleshooting build process and release mechanisms.
•	Create and maintain high-quality documentation of all relevant
specifications, systems, and procedures.
•	Communicate closely and effectively with engineering management,
leads, and peers.
•	Communicate closely and effectively with product managers and
business management, leads, and peers.
•	Assist with project management tasks (e.g. scheduling, task and
project estimation, status report, etc.) as necessary.

What We Do: 
WhitePages.com is the definitive leader in online directory assistance,
serving tens of millions of users each month. Our web properties are
consistently top-ranked and we power the people search sections for several
of the largest Internet properties including Verizon SuperPages.com and
YellowPages.com. Driven by a spirit of innovation and a commitment to
delivering consumer value, WhitePages.com has nearly doubled its profits
and revenue each year since its incorporation in 2000 as Web site traffic
grew from one million to nearly 40 million users each month. Help us break
new ground in People Search as we execute on ambitious plans in 2008 and
beyond! 

Why You Want To Work Here: 
A profitable, diverse and rapidly growing company, we were ranked a best
place to work by Washington CEO Magazine, Seattle Business Monthly and
Seattle Metropolitan Magazine. We were also recognized by Inc. Magazine as
the 123rd Fastest Growing Private Company in North America! In addition to
our competitive compensation package, we provide annual training and
education allowances, discounted transportation passes, catered lunch on
Fridays, free snacks and soda, and quarterly company-sponsored events. Our
headquarters is located in the heart of downtown Seattle surrounded by
great restaurants and interesting places. 

Bottom line… We're a small, highly profitable company and our people are
smart, passionate, team players with high integrity who like challenge and
have fun doing it! 


Required skills:
What you need:

•	BS or advanced degree in computer science, engineering, or related
technical field. (Or equivalent professional experience)
•	At least 5-10 years of software engineering experience.
•	Advanced knowledge of Perl and object-oriented design practices.
•	Experience implementing database-driven, web-based applications.
•	Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Linux and/or UNIX.
•	Knowledge of DBI and experience using Perl with relational
databases.
•	Intermediate to advanced experience with mod_perl and Apache.
•	Advanced experience with Postgres, MySQL, and/or Oracle databases.
•	Advanced understanding of and practical experience with various
SDLCs (Software Development Life Cycles).
•	Small project leadership and management experience in all phases of
the development cycle (Inception, elaboration, construction,  transition,
maintenance)
•	Broad and expansive work history with a variety of languages,
technologies, or projects.
•	Advanced knowledge of CVS.
•	Demonstrated ability to write and maintain technical documentation
•	Demonstrated ability to interpret and develop applications from
requirement documents, functional specifications, and/or technical
specifications.
•	Experience with Java a plus, not required.
•	Experience with XML and XSLT a plus, not required.
•	Experience with Search Engine, Directory Assistance, Marketing
List, or similar data (names, phone numbers, addresses, email addresses,
demographic profiles, etc) a plus, not required.


URL for more information: http://www.whitepagesinc.com/careers/

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/7770#contact


