Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:775
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 31123 invoked by uid 1016); 2 Mar 2003 05:47:29 -0000
Date: 2 Mar 2003 05:47:29 -0000
Message-ID: <20030302054729.31122.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Engineer/Analyst Programmer for Melbourne Manufacturer (part onsite), Australia, Victoria, Melbourne (Sunshine)
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/663

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March  1, 2003

Job title:
Engineer/Analyst Programmer for Melbourne Manufacturer

Company name: Fallshaw Holdings

Location:
Australia, Victoria, Melbourne (Sunshine)

Pay rate: AUD45-60k

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: some

Description:
Supply Chain & Scheduling
Manufacturing Applications

  Here is a high performance job opportunity for a high performance person.
In this job you will support organisational optimisation through the
development and implementation of practical computer based tools to improve
the collection, analysis and utilisation of operational information, in a
successful manufacturing business. 
  To succeed in this exciting new job you must be degree qualified with an
engineering and IT systems emphasis. Expertise in the creation and
utilisation of small local software systems is required, knowledge of
manufacturing operations will be an advantage. You must also be a fast
learner, intellectually dynamic and excited to work to demanding and time
constrained objectives. Some experience with ERP systems or similar
software will be an advantage. If you are right for this job you are
probably an Open Source enthusiast and familiar with Linux.
  Attractive commencing salary is available to suit a person with some
experience but not yet ready for a senior role.

Projects:
The IT projects we run are for our own internal use, but all are released
under Open Source licences (usually GPL).
Projects:
A Drag-and-Drop Scheduling system, a Sales Forecasting system, an Inventory
Planning system, a Barcode Stock Tracking system, various databases,
various Manufacturing Information systems, etc.


Required skills:
Perl, Python, Linux
Engineering or IT Degree

Desired skills:
Fallshaws has previously been a Windows/Visual Basic organisation (due only
to available skills). We need someone to help us move to a better operating
system (Linux) and to better programming languages (Perl, Python, Lisp?,
etc.).


URL for more information: http://www.fallshaw.com/

Contact information:
peter@ppoynting.com.au



