Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:790
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 92979 invoked by uid 1016); 6 Mar 2003 21:59:29 -0000
Date: 6 Mar 2003 21:59:29 -0000
Message-ID: <20030306215929.92978.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web-Based Business Tools Developer (telecommute), Canada
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/676

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March  6, 2003

Job title: Web-Based Business Tools Developer

Internal ID: Job ID: 295

Location: Canada

Pay rate:
To Be Determined (Approx. Several Hundred)

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
If you are talented, creative, and energetic, then please read on.  If you
are the type of individual who does not follow a path, but rather makes a
new one, then please read on.  If you possess a skill set that allows you
to cross all boundaries, do what has never been done, and push your
abilities to the max, then please read on.

For the past year, a team of exceptionally skilled, fun, and enthusiastic
people from around Canada and the United States have been working
diligently on creating a product that will change the standard on the
Internet.  As we approach the final stages of development we find ourselves
falling slightly short of our anticipated launch date, which throws off our
intense public relations and advertising campaign.  As such, we feel it is
necessary to bring on another set of skilled hands who can help move along
the process of our venture.

The person we bring on will be assigned to the Business Tools Division of
our operation.	They will report directly to the Chief Technical Officer
and, at times, may find themselves working with a group or individually. 
The specific component you will be initially assigned to is a web-based
website creator that is template-driven.  Businesses that are listed in our
directory (currently containing approximately 5,000,000 companies across
North America) will have the option of setting up a website that spawns off
of our system.	The program needs to be versatile enough so that someone
who knows absolutely nothing about HTML or web-design can click a few
buttons and have a fantastic professional looking website.  At the same
time, it must be scalable so that an advanced user will be able to
customize it to suit his or her exact needs.  (Just as a reference to
clarify, it would be similar to a Geocities type of system.)  The business
will also be able to have an online version of their catalogue, which will
plug directly into our Product Finder service.	After this, time
permitting, you may be moved to another one of our small-medium sized
businesses tools.

We strongly emphasize the team mentality among all our staff, and you must
posses all of the aforementioned qualities to secure yourself a final spot
on our roster.	In addition, we believe that programming is an art-form and
that, even with the appropriate guidelines, a certain amount of creativity
and ‘out-of-the-box’ thinking is required.  We don’t simply want to give
you a step-by-step instruction manual, so it is important you are ready to
be proactively thinking, as opposed to passively reacting to instructions. 
We push the limits of everything we do, and you must be willing to commit
that same type of energy.  You will not simply be a ‘coder’, but also
involved with brainstorming and strategizing.

In joining this team you are becoming part of this very promising young
start-up.  Over three years of meticulous planning and research have gone
into this project.  Members of our team have backgrounds in computer
programming, graphic design, bulletin board systems, journalism, marketing,
economics, accounting, and more.  When you join this team you will be able
to reap the rewards of your hard work through a profit sharing system.	We
have programmers who have been working on this project for over a year, and
now you can get involved just a few months away from the public launch. 
Unfortunately, the amount of upfront cash we can offer you is limited, as
all of our funds have been carefully budgeted.	That is not to say that we
have no initial compensation to offer, just that we obviously cannot fire
the PR firm or scale back our marketing efforts to clear up some cash, as
that ultimately hurts the amount of profits we all collect.

If you are ready to embark on an adventure limited only by your imagination
and creativity, then please send a detailed resume and cover letter to the
address listed below.  Applications will only be considered for persons
living in Canada or the United States. (If you are not living in one of
these countries then you will absolutely not be considered.)  We are
requesting that those interested in this position apply as quickly as
possible, as we do not want to prolong this process, which further sets us
back.  Qualifying applicants will receive a follow-up email from one of our
staff.	Thank you very much for your time.

Required skills:
-Perl –MySQL (Minimum 1 year’s experience with both) 
–HTML -CSS –Teamwork skills –Time management -Creativity 

Desired skills:
The more skills you have, the more capable you are to overcome any
obstacle.  If the impossible is attainable, then you are the kind of person
we want on our team.  A sense of humour and a friendly ‘winning’ attitude
are very important.  Also, any java script ability you have is a bonus. 
[Note:	The development and production environment are Linux machines.]

Contact information:
Please send detailed resumes to webjobs@programmer.net.  Acceptable formats
include: HTML, text, Word & PDF.  Qualifying applicants will be emailed a
follow-up package shortly after their application has been processed.


