Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:792
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 56684 invoked by uid 1016); 7 Mar 2003 03:15:50 -0000
Date: 7 Mar 2003 03:15:50 -0000
Message-ID: <20030307031550.56683.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: MySQL Database Engineer - Perl & C++ (onsite), United States, California, Menlo Park
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/677

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March  6, 2003

Job title: MySQL Database Engineer - Perl & C++

Company name: There, Inc.

Internal ID: MySQL

Location: United States, California, Menlo Park

Pay rate: 80-100K

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Summary 
We are seeking an experienced software engineer to join There's Core
Engineering Team, to work on MySQL related aspects of our product. We have
a highly scalable, state-of-the-art data center cluster that runs on Linux
on the Intel architecture; many machines in the cluster run MySQL
databases. The cluster is expected to be larger than Yahoo or the NYSE. The
ideal candidate has significant hands-on experience with MySQL in a
cluster-based high-availability production environment; has made
significant contributions to the MySQL open source community; has
world-class C++, database, perl, Linux, and shell-scripting skills; and is
excited by the challenge of delivering cutting-edge technology in a
fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment. 

Responsibilities 
Responsible for the design, implementation, debugging, delivery, and
maintenance of enhancements to MySQL for our high-availability clustered
environment. 
Work closely with other software engineers, QA, artists, and designers to
develop and extend the core software components of our product. 
Contribute to the MySQL open source community. 
Requirements. Work with the Operations and business teams to ensure that
requirements are clearly understood and documented. 
Design. Actively ensure effective application design, database layout, and
network usage. Identify and address potential deployment, operational and
performance issues. 
Coding. Responsible for delivery of clean, well-documented code that
complies with There standards. 
QA partnership. Review QA test plans and provides input when appropriate.
Assist and advise QA in developing and running white box tests to support
MySQL modifications we develop. Work effectively with QA to deliver
top-quality results. Track and resolve bugs effectively. 
Operations liaison. Work closely with the operations team to ensure that
all database related systems have well documented, streamlined, and
supportable operational processes. Able and available to diagnose critical
operations problems as they occur. 
Project management. Work with producers/program managers to ensure that
projects are well-planned, accurately tracked, and developed in accordance
with There processes. Ensure that code and documentation is well organized. 


Required skills:
Delivered production quality database services that have been used in
high-volume situations. Must have a strong understanding of operational
issues (backup, recovery, security, monitoring, serviceability) and be able
to build applications that take them into consideration. 
3-5 years of C++ software engineering experience. 
3+ years experience working with MySQL internals, including disk layout and
network protocol related issues. 
Extensive experience working in the open source community for MySQL. 
Solid experience with MySQL performance measurement and optimization. 
Experience with database replication. 
3-5 years of hands-on UNIX, Perl, DBI and shell scripting experience. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills. This includes excellent
documentation and commenting habits for code, and the ability to explain
complex technical subject matter (such as read consistency, rollback,
database recovery, and point-in-time recovery) to other engineers. 
Must have a customer-centric attitude towards end users and stakeholders of
the database systems. 
Must be comfortable working in a small, fast-paced, entrepreneurial
environment and have a passion for doing what it takes to build an
outstanding product.

URL for more information: http://www.there.com/

Contact information:
Please send your resume by email to: 
jobs@thereinc.com 


There Inc. 
165 Jefferson Drive
Menlo Park, CA 94025



