Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:800
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 9728 invoked by uid 1016); 13 Mar 2003 06:40:32 -0000
Date: 13 Mar 2003 06:40:32 -0000
Message-ID: <20030313064032.9727.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Part time perl programmer in DC area (part onsite), United States, Virginia, DC Metro
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/684

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March 12, 2003

Job title: Part time perl programmer in DC area

Company name: The Richard Group

Location: United States, Virginia, DC Metro

Pay rate: Hourly, Negotiable

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (hourly)

Length of employment: Initally intermittent, but eve

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: some

Description:
We are an internet consulting and development group doing a wide variety of
work, mostly in the publishing and marketing areas. We have a need to farm
out work from time to time. We hope that as our business grows, we will
bring the most promising candidates on as full time employees.

The most important qualities that we are looking for are self motivation
and professionalism. In our work, it is often required for us to act
independently to learn new technologies, solve problems and to take
initiatives on behalf of our clients. Our goal is to provide a high level
of customer service, as well as a quality product.

Our daily tasks cover a wide variety of areas, from system administration
and programming, to database design and project consulting and planning. We
also have a handful of products, all written in Perl (with more on the
drawing board), that need updating from time to time.

Technically, we are a startup, and will be incorporating our business in
the coming months. However, we have been in business in this capacity for 4
years, and have a handful of loyal customers that keep us very busy. We
support the open source community, and use open source software every
chance we get.

Please contact us for more information about our clients and the work we
are currently doing. We prefer someone in the DC area, but will consider
all applicants.

Required skills: Perl, SQL

Desired skills:
Candidates with any of the following should apply:

Languages: Perl, HTML, Javascript, SQL, ColdFusion
Databases: PostGreSQL, MySQL, Oracle
OS: Linux, Solaris, Mac OS X, Windows (All flavors)

Training and personal growth will be encouraged.

Contact information:
Please send resume, skill set, and past project descritpions to:

David Richard
perljobs@davidrichard.com


