Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:802
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 9884 invoked by uid 1016); 13 Mar 2003 06:41:10 -0000
Date: 13 Mar 2003 06:41:10 -0000
Message-ID: <20030313064110.9883.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Online Membership Info Managment System Development (telecommute), Japan, Shibuyu-ku, Tokyo
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/686

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March 12, 2003

Job title:
Online Membership Info Managment System Development

Company name: Japan Association of Translators

Location: Japan, Shibuyu-ku, Tokyo

Pay rate: Negotiable

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: Until project is accepted

Onsite: no

Description:
Development of a CGI/Perl-based membership information management system.
Below is the description of the situation from the spec sheet. I don't
expect it to be a very long project. 

The JAT membership database is currently maintained offline in an FMP
database. The information in the database is exported to a text file and
uploaded to the JAT site where scripts create HTML pages from the text
file. Public and membership views of the data are provided through HTML
files separated into select folders. Searches are performed on the text
file. Information updates, notices for dues payment, activation and
deactivation of members, and any other function (including error checking!)
is done manually. This is time consuming, slow, and prone to error. 
The JAT membership database should allow new members to sign up quickly,
allow active members to control their information, and enable the manager
to quickly process all requests and make any needed changes. In addition,
any changes should be reflected immediately in all views of the
information, public, private, or administrative. 


Required skills: Perl programming skills, HTML, CSS.

Desired skills:
An understanding of encoding issues would be helpful as there are times
when it is needed, but this can be learned on the job. 

Contact information:
Paul Flint
president@jat.org



