Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:8111
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 27243 invoked from network); 8 May 2008 16:21:54 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 8 May 2008 16:21:54 -0000
Received: (qmail 6196 invoked by uid 225); 8 May 2008 16:21:54 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 6190 invoked by alias); 8 May 2008 16:21:53 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-10.6 required=8.0
	tests=BAYES_00,RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Thu, 08 May 2008 09:21:50 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id 816762AFEC; Thu,  8 May 2008 09:21:46 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20080508162147.816762AFEC@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Thu,  8 May 2008 09:21:46 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Systems Administrator & Web Architect (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/8640

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: May  7, 2008

Job title: Systems Administrator & Web Architect

Company name: Geospiza, Inc

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Geospiza, a leading producer of information systems for the management and
analysis of data for the Life Sciences, is looking for a Systems
Administrator & Web Architect to join our growing development team of Life
Science technologists.

Geospiza's out-of-the-box laboratory workflow management solutions for
Genetic Analysis can simplify laboratory management, increase throughput,
reduce errors and support real-time data distribution to researchers and
can deploy within 24 hours. Best practices are built into the products to
jump start research, yet are flexible enough to adapt to specialized
requirements without a programmer.  Our hosted model significantly lowers
upfront capital costs that are typical with commercial enterprise LIMS
systems. Labs can scale capacity predictably and manage their costs
effectively as their business grows.

The successful candidate will have significant working technical experience
with leading computing platforms integrated with a variety of proprietary
and open source databases and matched with bio-informatics life science
data handling experience.  The candidate must have the ability to lead
projects and provide architectural guidance for our Software as a Service
product line. We are looking for somebody who can both support our current
systems infrastructure and contribute to the continual development of our
web application architecture. 

Primary Responsibilities:
•	Design and deploy development and customer-facing production
systems, including platform hardware and software.
•	Provide requirements to both development and delivery teams that
drive strategic direction for business, application, information, and
technology architectures.
•	Help establish and build relationships with vendors in conjunction
with development, product management, and operations department heads. 
•	Perform scalability/capacity planning to support business growth.
•	Participate in technical reviews and close the loop with our
developers to help with design recommendations for software and hardware
projects.
•	Define system, quality and analysis on systems, networks, and
applications, translating requirements into functional specifications and
effective processes.
•	Develop systems that continually monitor the health of networks,
servers and applications.
•	Adhere to change control process for all production hardware and
software changes.
•	Maintain hosted web applications, ensuring uptime and site
responsiveness.
•	Troubleshoot problems and issues, escalating issues within the
organization.
•	Maintain system and network procedure documentation.
•	Work with the Production Operations Manager in the data center and
provide consultation and strategic direction in systems and hosting
technology.
•	Assist in the development and maintenance of security best
practices.
•	Plan and support the implementation of major architectural changes.

•	Develop back-up and recovery procedures, including testing back-ups
and data integrity for production systems.
•	Assist Business functions on delivery of weekly business metrics
data.

Desired Profile:
•	Proven leader with a breadth of systems architecture, system
administration and computing skills across multiple programming languages,
platforms, and database architectures.
•	Ability to find creative, cost effective, open source solutions to
complex problems.
•	Previous Life Science database and data handling experience.
•	Referenced successful development projects that include IT
infrastructure, data base development, and code integration, compilation,
builds, and security.
•	Strong work ethic for completing work during business and
non-business hours.
•	Responsible individual that has proven teamwork experience.
•	Experience producing architectural and technical documentation and
specifications.
•	Good diagnostic and communication skills.
•	Ability to multi-task and manage technically diverse projects.
•	Ability to articulate technical concepts to a variety of audiences
including developers, engineers, and sales representatives.


Required skills:
•	4+ years of experience designing and operating a large-scale,  24x7
web application environment.
•	4+ years experience with Linux or other Unix based operating
system.
•	4+ years experience with Web tools (Apache, mod_perl) and
configuration for database connectivity
•	2-4 years of relational database administration (PostgreSQL
preferred) on a Linux platform, 4+ years preferred.
•	2+ years programming with Perl or other languages.
•	Working knowledge of core Internet protocols and services (e.g. IP,
TCP, UDP, NTP, DNS, HTTP, SMTP, SSH, syslog) required.
•	Hands-on experience with CVS or other source-code control tools
desired.
•	Experience in the development and rollout of operations processes.
•	Previous experience in an online business is essential.
•	Experience in designing and implementing solutions for a large
installed base of servers.
•	Working knowledge of biotech lab workflows and processes.

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/8640#contact


