Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:8158
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 21810 invoked from network); 17 May 2008 10:39:54 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 17 May 2008 10:39:54 -0000
Received: (qmail 21504 invoked by uid 225); 17 May 2008 10:39:54 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 21494 invoked by alias); 17 May 2008 10:39:53 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-10.6 required=8.0
	tests=BAYES_00,RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Sat, 17 May 2008 03:39:50 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id DC7C22AFEE; Sat, 17 May 2008 03:39:46 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20080517103946.DC7C22AFEE@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Sat, 17 May 2008 03:39:46 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Sr. Application Administrator (onsite), United States, California, Palo Alto
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/8730

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: May 16, 2008

Job title: Sr. Application Administrator

Company name: Stanford University

Internal ID: 30204

Location: United States, California, Palo Alto

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The Senior Application Administrator position is a member of an application
and development support team in the Computing Services (CS) group. The
Computing Services group is part of IT Services (ITS), the central IT
organization for Stanford University. The individual in this position
reports directly to the Manager of Application Support.

Individual will be a strong verbal and written communicator, be able to
bridge the gap between technology and business process, and be able to
build strong relationships between multiple functional groups. Individual
should have the needed hands on technical skills to be able to assist in
the development & troubleshooting efforts as required. Above all, this
individual needs to have strong customer service skills and a positive ‘can
do’ attitude. 

Duties include providing analytical and technical expertise in support of
campus-wide enterprise applications. The individual’s primary
responsibilities include: application administration and development,
product management, project management, vendor relations, applications
strategy, security, architecture and design, and technical leadership
developing and maintaining solutions and systems for CS Clients. Ability to
manage projects, identify process efficiencies, establish productive vendor
relationships, and technically mentor junior level administrators.

Duties also include installation, configuration, and support of
applications as well as an understanding of application integration and
API’s, databases and enterprise storage environments. Partner with clients
to deliver robust and scalable solutions to meet business needs which may
involve cross-platform, multi-tiered, and/or fault tolerant computing
components. Troubleshoot complex problems where the analysis requires
knowledge of many diverse system components, such as network, firewalls,
database, operating system, server hardware, and other software components.


Document system builds and application configurations according to standard
processes. Maintain and update documentation as changes are necessary.
Coordinate vendor activity to identify fixes & patches in hardware and
software, and test before implementation. Ensure security of systems and
applications at all times by following group processes and procedures.
Participate in the evaluation of software products, and recommend solutions
based on cost, needs, and benefit to Stanford.

Strong system administration skills in Unix, Linux or Windows. Effective
oral and written communication skills are essential. Comply with the Change
Management policies and procedures when implementing, executing or
authorizing changes to applications servers, facilities, applications,
networks and infrastructure services.

Systems and Environmentals include the ability to use, apply, and run in
the most automated way possible: Backup and Recovery, performance
monitoring and resource usage, trend analysis, and capacity planning.
Application development and performance optimization development, as well
as evaluating new technologies and/or vendors to improve overall client
service, definition and implementation of production application standards.


Security focus will include standard practices for system and application
security, application of Stanford security policies and practices including
access control for Restricted Data classifications. Where not existing,
create procedures to implement Stanford security policies and practices
including Restricted Data classifications. Research and incorporate new
tools and procedures to provide application security, including policies
and practices to effectively protect each data classification. Support the
creation of non-production datasets for development groups that closely
model production datasets.

R&D will cover hands on testing of new tools and technologies, scripting
and automation, research of current tools and core functions, innovation of
new tools to augment and/or replace core functions, and development work
based on collaboration with ITS Strategist and architecture teams.


Required skills:
PERL is an absolute must.  This position will be responsible for automating
manually processes as well as supporting and maintaining custon
integrations necessary for IT Services operations. 

Desired skills:
• Database (Oracle, SQL, PL-SQL Stored Procedures, Query Tuning)
• Strong knowledge of Unix/Linux and Windows platforms
• Knowledge of authentication methodologies: Active Directory, Radius,
Kerberos, Novell, or LDAP.
• Develops and maintains a productive working relationship with project
sponsors, key customers, and team members. 
• Projects a strong customer service attitude. 
• Experience supporting enterprise class applications and systems including
the performance analysis and tuning of high-volume transaction systems. 
• Experience with managing projects involving application evaluation,
implementation and upgrades.
• A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, plus 5 years of
experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
• Demonstrated experience with the installation and operation of enterprise
applications on Windows, Linux or Unix infrastructure. 
• Experience with Oracle or MS SQL database architectures, as well as
enterprise storage environments with high availability required. 
• Ability to communicate effectively and work comfortably in a systems
development environment with concurrent tasks and changing
priorities/resources is required. 
• Experience with existing applications and development tools a plus:
Remedy, Pinnacle, Pathworks, CS Gold, Lenel OnGaurd, Unanet, Infra
Technology Change Management, DocuShare, Oracle Calendar, SMARTS Enterprise
Monitoring, Server Load Balancing, and Application Monitoring.


URL for more information: http://jobs.stanford.edu/find_a_job.html

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/8730#contact


