Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:830
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 12511 invoked by uid 1016); 1 Apr 2003 02:06:29 -0000
Date: 1 Apr 2003 02:06:29 -0000
Message-ID: <20030401020629.12510.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Future Presence (onsite), ca, San Rafael
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/713

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March 31, 2003

Job title: Future Presence

Location: ca, San Rafael

Pay rate: 70 hour contract to hire

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Hourly employee

Length of employment: 3 months

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Job Title:    Systems Administrator/Perl Programmer
Please, only San Francisco Bay Area only.
Email Futurep1@pacbell.net 

Duration:     3 MOS (Contract to hire)

Location:      SF.





Required Skill sets:  Managing for Results Building Agreement Safety
Customer Focus Job Skills Communications Teamwork Initiative Quality &
Efficiency 5+ years experience with: 
1. Solaris 1 and 2, with SUN server hardware (preferable) 
2. Unix system administration (configuration, installation, upgrades,
patches) - especially with systems specifically configured for Oracle
database.
3. Shell scripting, ssh
4. WEB server and application development (apache and cgi-perl)
5. Perl 5, perl modules, perl C generation, CGI, and DBI (with Oracle and
DB2)
6. Oracle installation, semaphore/SGA related modifications, startup,
shutdown, automation of database tasks via Perl or shell, SQL, SQL*Net, DB2
Connect client/server configuration
7. Partitioning files systems for database and system files - familiarity
with volume management software (Veritas)
8. CVS (source code control)


Desired Skill sets:   Business Understanding Open to Change Coach & Develop
Others


Job Desc
1 . 30% Of Time Essential System Administration: Maintain hardware and
system software. Analyze, diagnose and resolve computing problems with
Suns/Solaris, system code, monitor utilities, and backup/restore services.
Monitor performance. Create scripts to automate support and administration
tasks. Maintain familiarity with currently implemented and new technology.
Coordinate work with Fairfield on our servers residing there. Provide
on-call production support.
2 . 30% Of Time Essential Programming: Develop and maintain code using
shell scripting, ssh; perl 5, perl modules, perl C generation, CGI, and DBI
(with Oracle and DB2); OMVS user TSO, xterm. Develop and maintain web
applications using Apache and CGI-Perl. 
3 . 20% Of Time Essential Database: Assist DBA in the installation and
maintenance of the various MDSS databases. 
4 . 15% Of Time Essential Documentation & Communications: Keep MDSS team
and Fairfield abreast of system and project work through e-mails, meetings,
and formal reports. Communicate significant problems, resource needs, and
system issues effectively. Provide clear communication and documentation of
events, processes, procedures and configuration details. Assist other
members of the MDSS team in developing their own technical skills through
training, presentations, and involving them in the process of maintaining
and supporting these systems. 
5 . 5% Of Time Essential Safety: Maintain a safe working environment at all
times and use a proactive approach to identify and resolve safety related
issues. Take immediate action to correct potential safety and health
hazards. Promote safety awareness and safe work behaviors. Support
department safety goals, objectives and programs. 


Required skills: Perl5 with UNIX Admin 

Desired skills: Strong C++ and Oracle 8-9

Contact information:
Rose Hsu 
futurep1@pacbell.net


