Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:832
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 77964 invoked by uid 1016); 2 Apr 2003 00:03:55 -0000
Date: 2 Apr 2003 00:03:55 -0000
Message-ID: <20030402000355.77963.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Senior Web  Developer/ Graphic Designer/ Webmaster (onsite), United States, CA, Hermosa Beach
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/714

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: March 31, 2003

Job title:
Senior Web  Developer/ Graphic Designer/ Webmaster

Company name: The Vista Group

Location: United States, CA, Hermosa Beach

Pay rate: Competitive

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Looking for an experience Web professional with skills in graphic design,
web marketing, and online media.   

It is essential that the candidate have complementary skills in three
areas: Web site design and maintenance (for a consumer product site),
online marketing and graphic design.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

 Continually upgrade different elements of the Web sites including, HTML
authoring, designing new dynamic Web pages using PHP and javascript, CGI,
graphics, and navigation.

 Create new content, adapt and fix inconsistencies with existing content. 


 Produce graphic design work for online marketing including, banners,
pop-ups, HTML-based email, and page elements using     Adobe Photoshop.

 Execute online marketing campaigns such as search engine optimization and
email marketing.

 Work with internal clients (technology/sales/customer service) to gather
feedback and implement solutions.

 Monitor competitive sites, understand customer뭩 needs and internalize
business requirements to develop solutions.

 Support the company뭩 affiliate program.

. Rapidly turn the directives of marketing and executives into working web
pages.

. Lead/mentor a small group of web developers


Required skills:
 Work independently and proactively recommend solutions, alternatives, and
improvements to meet evolving business requirements
 Excellent skills in Adope Photoshop and Illustrator.
 Must be able to work with dynamic page creation using PHP (strong skill
here a must have) , JavaScript, CGI w Perl, etc.   (REQUIRED)
. Work with legacy code to improve site performance and re-document if
neccessary
 Should be familiar with Free BSD and Linux environments.
. Experience with My SQL or similar database
 Must have strong oral and written skills.
 Experience working with e-commerce sites.
 Strong project management skills and ability to work in a team
environment.
. Ability to work with little direct supervision
 Must demonstrate excellent attitude and professional demeanor. 


5+ experience in graphic design and Web-related programming. 4-year college
degree would be a plus.

Sorry, no relo or sponsorship available


URL for more information: http://www.searchvista.com/

Contact information:
Shawn Moonan

resumes@searchvista.com


