Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:834
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 74971 invoked by uid 1016); 2 Apr 2003 22:03:47 -0000
Date: 2 Apr 2003 22:03:47 -0000
Message-ID: <20030402220347.74970.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Contract Web Developer (onsite), United States, CA, Pasadena
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/719

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April  2, 2003

Job title: Contract Web Developer

Company name: Evolution Robotics

Internal ID: ER01

Location: United States, CA, Pasadena

Pay rate: $40.00 - $50.00

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (hourly)

Length of employment: 90 days

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Evolution Robotics (www.evolution.com) develops and manufactures
multi-functional personal robots for the home and workplace and distributes
them via its Web site and through a mix of consumer electronic retail
stores, catalogers and online merchants. Evolution Robotics also licenses
its proprietary and patent-pending robotics technologies, including the
Evolution Robotics Software Platform (the "ERSP") directly to OEMs, to
foster the development of personal robots, as well as provides professional
services to assist manufacturers in bringing new products to market.

Position Purpose:  
The Contract Web Developer will manage the down scaling of Evolution
Robotics external and internal websites and lead the web group in
developing and maintaining a more manageable website. This person will help
in managing the development process and assignments, order management,
statistics reporting system, overall design and implementation; will also
own the Apache and database deployment and configuration. 


Required skills:
This person must have a minimum of 5 + years of experience in developing
high capacity websites using the following technologies: Linux, Java (both
backend and user interface), Perl, CGI, mod Perl, C/C++, HTML, Mason,
Apache/Apache API, MySQL, SQL Server as well as the major SQL databases and
database design skills (including table construction, layout, etc.). This
person must be a strong team player as well as an individual contributor.
Strong communication skills and problem solving skills are a must, and be
able to grasp the business needs and issues that need technological
solutions. Bachelors Degree in computer science or related field required.

Contact information:
INTERESTED CANDIDATES SHOULD SUBMIT THEIR RESUME AND SALARY HISTORY TO:
Careers@idealab.com 


