Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:853
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 90766 invoked by uid 1016); 12 Apr 2003 04:01:58 -0000
Date: 12 Apr 2003 04:01:58 -0000
Message-ID: <20030412040158.90765.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Professional Services Engineer -- scripting guru! (onsite), United States, CA, Berkeley
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/738

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April 11, 2003

Job title:
Professional Services Engineer -- scripting guru!

Company name: Lyris Technologies, Inc.

Location: United States, CA, Berkeley

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Lyris Technologies is a successful software company that develops
applications for email list management and marketing, and for content
filtering and anti-spam protection. Our customers are medium- and
large-size businesses that rely on our software for critical business
needs.

We are looking for a Professional Services Engineer to develop scripts that
help our customers with complex technical challenges, software and database
integration, and product customization. The ideal candidate will be
friendly and service oriented, and will have a very strong technical
background. General responsibilities include creating new Perl and Tcl
scripts; modifying existing scripts; answering technical questions during
the sales process; gathering customer requirements for Lyris software
enhancements or modifications; and implementing the required modifications.
Most projects will entail close collaboration with our Sales, Support, and
Engineering groups, so good teamwork and communication skills are
essential.

Please note that we are only able to hire candidates with the legal right
to work in the United States, and that relocation assistance is not
available.

Before you send your resume, read the sections below carefully and follow
the application instructions!


Required skills:
- Develop Perl and Tcl scripts that enhance Lyris software functionality
- Develop Perl scripts for the Lyris family of web sites
- Resolve complex and urgent technical support issues, again leveraging
scripting skills
- Collaborate with Account Representatives on their sales calls and
presentations
- Conduct on-site, high-level meetings and software training sessions
- Assist customers with complex software installation and database
integration issues
- Contribute technically to other professional services that Lyris offers

Desired skills:
- A BS degree in Computer Science or related field
- Strong hands-on knowledge of Windows and Unix
- Expert (4+ years) knowledge of Perl, and an aptitude for other scripting
languages such Tcl
- Strong (2+ years) knowledge of SQL 
- Strong (2+ years) knowledge of networking (TCP/IP and Internet Protocols
such as SMTP)
- Previous Sales Engineer-related experience (5+ years or equivalent)
- Great troubleshooting ability, and a strong desire to find solutions to
problems
- Strong written and oral communication skills, and excellent organization
habits
- A highly positive, customer-centric attitude

URL for more information: http://www.lyris.com/about/

Contact information:
How to apply:

- Write a cover letter that demonstrates that you have visited our website
and understand what we do. Resumes sent without this targeted cover letter
will be ignored!
- Send your cover letter and resume to jobs-ps@lyris.com


