Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:855
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 23991 invoked by uid 1016); 13 Apr 2003 08:05:47 -0000
Date: 13 Apr 2003 08:05:47 -0000
Message-ID: <20030413080547.23990.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Custom software project, PERL. (telecommute), U.S., California, Los Angeles
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/740

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April 12, 2003

Job title: Custom software project, PERL.

Location: U.S., California, Los Angeles

Pay rate: negotiable

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: Project to project

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
I am looking for a perl programmer, preferably in the Los Angeles area, to
write a custom inventory management package.  The software will have to
interrogate an online database through a password-protected web-page
interface and extract certain information fields. With that information,
the software must interrogate a different web-page interface and perform
updates, and possibly send alerts. Once both online databases are
interrogated, results must be stored in a local database, probably based in
Excel, to maintain inventory control, and to create and send customer
mailouts.

Ideally, the software would have a Windows GUI, but this is not absolutely
required, and the software could  run based on control information stored
in files. Some means of monitoring the software's progress is desirable,
either command line output, to a Windows GUI, or html output to a browser.

The package must run on Windows XP Pro. Perl 5.6 and a web server which are
all installed.


Required skills: Perl

Desired skills:
Prior experience in creating inventory management software or interrogating
& extracting data from websites.
Also a fairly good amount of knowledge relating to email programming.

Contact information:
For a more detailed list of the steps to be performed, please contact:
Jason @ einnovations@sbcglobal.net.

Please also include your resume and list of prior projects you have worked
on. Also mention where you are located.

References and sample code may be requested in the future.



