Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:858
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 25964 invoked by uid 1016); 15 Apr 2003 19:27:08 -0000
Date: 15 Apr 2003 19:27:08 -0000
Message-ID: <20030415192708.25963.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Personal & Family Readiness Division (onsite), U.S., Virginia, Quantico
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/743

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April 15, 2003

Job title: Personal & Family Readiness Division

Company name: Headquarters, Marine Corps

Location: U.S., Virginia, Quantico

Pay rate: $50,000 - $60,000

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
The incumbent shall be responsible for, but not limited to the following
duties: technical evaluation, integration, deployment, support and
enhancement of complex, multi-tier software application systems. Updates,
modifies and integrates legacy systems with new business platforms.
Provides assistance in maintaining several programs which together
constitute the basic functional subsystems of the Information Systems
operations. Carries out study projects as required.

Investigates feasibility of alternate design approaches and technologies
that will best satisfy immediate needs and facilitate subsequent
modifications. Gathers information from users and explores desirability of
various system architectures, considering ADP and non-ADP costs, benefits,
and tradeoffs.

Coordinates with appropriate analyst in defining type and designation of
software interfaces, system interrelationships, processing logic involved,
and programming specifications. Apprises appropriate analyst of progress,
unusual problems encountered, and unanticipated constraints or resource
requirements.  

Occasional travel is required.



Required skills:
(1) Two years of application development using C/C++, Perl, and UNIX shell
scripting is mandatory.  Recent experience in C++ development under Windows
or UNIX. (2) Relational database and multi-tier client server development.
(3) Experience in all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle and
UNIX and Windows System Administration. (4) In depth knowledge of network
communications protocols, security, and equipment. Ability to communicate
both orally and in writing.  Experience with Oracle is a plus. 

URL for more information: http://www.usmc-mccs.org/

Contact information:
You must describe your experience in the 4 factor areas under the
Qualification Requirements in order to be considered for the position (an
overview of this experience may be described in your cover letter). View
entire job announcement at www.usmc-mccs.org for this position and submit
resume/cover letter (as a Word attachment) to: HQ.VACANCIES@USMC-MCCS.ORG
(preferred) or mail resume to Headquarters, Marine Corps (Personal & Family
Readiness Div., (HR Branch) 3044 Catlin Ave., Quantico, VA 22134-5099
(Attn: Mike LeCroy, Code 17-03) by April 25, 2003.


