Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:875
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 75961 invoked by uid 1016); 24 Apr 2003 19:15:42 -0000
Date: 24 Apr 2003 19:15:42 -0000
Message-ID: <20030424191542.75960.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl Programmer, Tk or Win32 GUI, LWP (telecommute), Tele, Tele, Telecommute
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/756

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: April 23, 2003

Job title: Perl Programmer, Tk or Win32 GUI, LWP

Company name: freeradicalnetworks.com

Internal ID: braaaaains..... braaaaaaiiins....

Location: Tele, Tele, Telecommute

Travel: 0-25%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: EOE

Hours: Full time

Onsite: no

Description:
Startup company seeks to compete with http://www.wippit.com
and similar projects. We aim to allow free previewing with
expireware media. Users may purchase tracks to unlock
regular MP3s. Like Wippit, downloads of licensed
music are sold, following international copyright law.

Job is for prototyping a client for a centralized
"peer to peer" network. Security and GUI polish are
the major considerations for this project.
P2P is meant to save bandwidth,
not reduce dependence on a central server. Central server
coordinates searches and cryptography. Meant to be
tamper resistent - a single comprimised host can steal
music, but shouldn't be able to damage the entire
network. More at the elance.com link below. 
A prototype written in Perl, Python, Ocaml, Ruby,
or something high level will be developed in parallel
to something outsourced to India, written in Java or C++.
Flames graciously accepted. The prototype will also
be used to test the server during development. In the
end, the better codebase will evolve into "version
two", assumping the startup doesn't tank. If it takes
off, ongoing maintence work and new versions will
be desired.

For those of you who haven't worked at a startup before,
it isn't for everyone. The workload is harsh, pay is
poor, and the environment stressful.

Travel: None expected, but it may happen once for a
strategy meeting or ribbon cutting or some other nonsense.

Revised: The original salary was rejected by the 
ask.perl.org staff, so you tell me your salary
requirements. If you want a hint what to ask for,
email me, I'll be glad to help.

Required skills:
Perl, Tk or Win32 GDI, LWP.
General knowledge of Windows. 
Ability to write large
applications cleanly using good style. Productive
programmer, able to quickly churn out code.
A degree is NOT required.

Desired skills:
Knowledge of POSIX helpful. perlcc, ActiveState Perl.
C, Inline::C. Understanding of sockets level programming
and HTTPS/the libcrypto library.


URL for more information:
http://www.elance.com/c/rfp/main/jobDesc.pl?jobId=8546583

Contact information:
scott@illogics.org

Please send a link to your resume or the resume in
ASCII - no attachments, please. Also, a link to your
home page or a brief bio, and a link to download code 
you've written - CPAN or Sourceforge or Freshmeat etc 
project fine, or a link to a .tar.gz somewhere.

Please put your salary requirements in the subject.
I know thats pretty ghetto, but I don't want to give
something so fragile to a recruiter, and I'm very busy,
writing code myself, and doing other things to organize
this. 


