Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:89
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 63961 invoked by uid 1016); 13 Jun 2001 00:04:47 -0000
Date: 13 Jun 2001 00:04:47 -0000
Message-ID: <20010613000447.63960.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl QA Analyst (onsite), United States, WA, Renton
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/21

Posted: June 12, 2001

Job title: Perl QA Analyst

Company name: Classmates.com

Location: United States, WA, Renton

Pay rate: DOE

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
QA Analyst

The Company:

ClassMates.Com is an online time machine, a community-based communications
portal that connects members with the people, places, and times of their
lives. A venture-funded, pre-IPO provider of online services for the
growing reunion and nostalgia markets, ClassMates boasts a proven revenue
model with over 20 million members who use our online community to find old
friends, plan events, and build new relationships.  We are the leaders in
our market and one of the most trafficked sites on the Web, ranking within
the top 25 of all Web sites today.  We are looking for talented,
hard-working and motivated professionals to join our team in an exciting,
fast-paced and energetic environment.

Experience:

Understand and is experienced in the complete testing cycle from
understanding requirements and building procedures to executing and
evaluating use/test cases and communicating and documenting the results of
the execution phase.  Specific tasks and responsibilities include reviewing
functional requirements, developing test products for test execution,
conducting inspections of functional test deliverables, identifying issues,
risks, and risk mitigation for a successful test effort, documenting
results of the functional test execution and identifying process
improvement areas.

Must have knowledge of both Unix/Linux platforms from a test execution
perspective, with background in testing in Web environments with Oracle as
the DB.   Main focus will be setting up an automated regression test
environment for the overall systems with the key focus on functions and
interfaces.  Test object-orientated software, perform validation testing
and integration, verify software functionality for compliance with design,
ensure that software adheres to prescribed standards, provide technical
assistance in identifying production problems.	This position will
initially include most white box testing activities and working with a
subcontractor to execute the black box testing activities.

Required skills:
* Minimum of one year of Perl experience.
* BA Degree in Computer Science and or other related field is required.
* Minimum of three years of software testing experience, preferably with
Linux modPerl applications.
* Ability to write test plans based on system requirements.
* Knowledge of QA Methodologies including CMM, ISO9000 or other similar
systems.  
* Have of test tools (e.g., XRunner, LoadRunner, Test Director, SQA Team
Test, etc.)  
* Must have experience with version control methods and the CVS tool or
equivalent in a Unix/Solaris/Linux environment.
* Self-starter requiring minimum direction.


Contact information:
Adam Monsen
amonsen@corp.classmates.com
425.873.1342 x1204

and

lnguyen@corp.classmates.com

Please type position title in subject field of email.




