Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:896
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 70591 invoked by uid 1016); 21 May 2003 00:00:31 -0000
Date: 21 May 2003 00:00:31 -0000
Message-ID: <20030521000031.70590.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Project Manager (web-application development) (onsite), United States, CO, Englewood
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/787

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: May 20, 2003

Job title:
Project Manager (web-application development)

Company name: Summit Communication Design, Inc.

Internal ID: PM

Location: United States, CO, Englewood

Pay rate: 35-50k USD annual + benefits

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Working from our Denver, CO office, you will be responsible for managing
the development process for websites and web applications. The duties
include requirements gathering, documentation and architecture. You will
work with a team of programmers, designers and developers and act as
primary liaison to the client. 

Required skills:
1 - 2 years experience managing development of static and dynamic database
and perl driven websites and E-commerce driven websites within a team
environment.
•	Highly organized
•	Experience in professional communications and writing 
•	Experience planning multiple website development projects,
including development of site architecture, documentation, requirements
development and project tracking


Desired skills:
•	HTML, web site development
•	Experience developing or managing open-source web application
projects
•	Familiarity with open source programming languages
•	Knowledge of databases design
•	MS Office 2000
•	MS Project 
•	MS Excel
•	Visio


URL for more information: http://www.summitdesign.net/

Contact information:
To Apply: 
Email pmjobs@summitdesign.net

Please include: 

Cover letter and resume, including a list of URLs and your role in their
development, and references. Please indicate level of familiarity with
website development languages. 

no calls or faxes please. No relocation available. No Visa Sponsorship. No
Telecomute.




