Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:8978
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 12113 invoked from network); 3 Feb 2009 06:05:53 -0000
Received: from x1a.develooper.com (HELO x1.develooper.com) (216.52.237.111)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 3 Feb 2009 06:05:53 -0000
Received: (qmail 6978 invoked by uid 225); 3 Feb 2009 06:05:52 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 6974 invoked by alias); 3 Feb 2009 06:05:51 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-8.0 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (63.251.223.163)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Mon, 02 Feb 2009 22:05:40 -0800
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id CB4F82AFE8; Mon,  2 Feb 2009 22:05:36 -0800 (PST)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20090203060536.CB4F82AFE8@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Mon,  2 Feb 2009 22:05:36 -0800 (PST)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: seasoned mod_perl/DBI/Mason coder for search startup (onsite), United Kingdom, London
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/10162

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: February  2, 2009

Job title:
seasoned mod_perl/DBI/Mason coder for search startup

Company name: Lokku Ltd.

Location: United Kingdom, London

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
We are looking for an experienced Perl developer to join our team.

** About Us

Lokku Ltd. was started in April 2006 by two founders and has grown to a
team of 10 including 4 full time software engineers.  Our primary product
is the Nestoria property search engine which we operate in the UK, Spain,
Italy, and Germany.  Lokku Global HQ is in London's Covent Garden.  Our
team very international in outlook and composition.  Many of us have worked
previously for big internet names like Yahoo and Amazon as well as other
startups in the US and Europe.	Lokku is a strong believer in free and open
source software and is an active sponsor and contributor to several groups
and projects including the London Perl Mongers, YAPC::Europe, and
OpenStreetMap.

** The Role

All of our development to date has been in Perl hosted on Debian and served
up using a combination of MySQL and Apache.  This may change over time,
but, for the first year, you should expect to work almost exclusively with
this technology stack.	Beyond that, there may be opportunities to change
or expand the stack as we evolve as a business.

Your primary job in this role is to write and maintain the code that makes
up our vertical search engine.	We are a small team, so we cannot afford to
over-specialized.  You will be expected to work on many components of the
product.  Some of these components include:

* ETL System.  We refresh almost our entire database of property listings
every day.  Our ETL system accepts input in a variety of formats.  That
input must be normalized, filtered, analyzed, geocoded, and transformed
before it can be safely accepted into our database of listings.

* Natural Language Processing (NLP).  Not all listing content is discretely
structured, so we use NLP techniques to extract and classify features from
text content.

* Geographic Information Systems (GIS).  Location is key to the property
world. We have used large commercial geodata sets to construct our own
geocoder and geodata management system.

* Deduplicate Detection Engine.  Listing content is not exclusive to every
source and rarely has a clear identifier across sources.  We have used
statistical techniques and modern scaling approaches to build a system that
can quickly and accurately identify duplicate content.

* Search Engine.  We use careful testing to optimize our core search
algorithms or relevance and have developed systems for real-time
behavioural targeting that help us get closer to giving users exactly what
they want.  Performance optimization of this system is an ongoing
challenge.

* AJAX Driven Web UI.  The greatest search engine in the world is nothing
without a great interface for users.  We are keeping pace with the changes
in technology and user expectation.

* Metrics and Reporting Pipeline.  We like to argue about data, not
opinions.  Our internal customers are very demanding consumers of numbers. 
We are always scaling up and enhancing our data analysis system to handle
more and more complex reporting needs and the increase
in data caused by a long term increase in users.

* Automated SEM Management.  Modern search advertising systems present APIs
for managing advertising campaigns.  We have taken advantage of this to
fully automate our paid traffic acquisition.

We do have a lot of moving parts to look after, but this is by no means a
"maintenance only" position.  We have plans to expand in improve every one
of these software components - not least to meet the scaling demands that
are brought on by increased usage and further expansion.  You should expect
to work on current systems for the first 3 to six months as you learn the
ropes.	After that, there will be opportunities for taking the lead on new
development as we take the product in new directions.

We have a very open, collaborative, and test-drive development environment.
 We are not looking for people that cannot work effectively as part of a
team or prefer to write code in isolation.  You must be ready to present
and defend designs before writing code, listen to and discuss the ideas of
others, admit from time to time that you were wrong, and subject your work
to review.  Nobody works on their own in the corner.  That said, we are not
in need of robots that will submit always to the Lokku Way.  We need
someone who can bring new experiences to the table and advocate them
effectively.

** Compensation

Lokku believes that compensation should reflect the market value of the
individual and that employees should be financially rewarded for the
overall success of the company.  We will discuss all aspects of
compensation during the interview process.


Required skills:
The person we are looking for >must<:

* have at least 5 years of experience writing software in Perl for
UNIX-like operating systems.
* have at least 2 years experience building applications for the web.
* have at least 2 years experience working with relational databases.
* have a proven ability to work effectively with a minimum of structure.
* be legally allowed to work in the UK.
* be able to commit to work exclusively for Lokku for a minimum of two
years.
* be able to work full time in Central London.
* be able to communicate in fluent English.

Desired skills:
Bonus points go to candidates that have experience with:

* MySQL.
* optimizing GNU/Linux server installations for performance.
* web crawling, document indexing and classification, and efficient
searching of structured and unstructured data.
* managing large data sets.
* building user interfaces for the web with AJAX.
* Unicode, UTF-8, and the general problem of efficient software
localization in the context of web applications.
* applying mathematical techniques to high-dimension optimization problems
with variable constraints.

Further bonus points if you:

* can communicate in other European languages.
* are a recognized contributor to the world of free and open source
software.

URL for more information: http://www.lokku.com/

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/10162#contact


