Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:913
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 96682 invoked by uid 1016); 11 Jun 2003 22:39:15 -0000
Date: 11 Jun 2003 22:39:15 -0000
Message-ID: <20030611223915.96681.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Junior Technologist for Health Management Technology Company (onsite), United States, MA, Waltham
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/806

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 11, 2003

Job title:
Junior Technologist for Health Management Technology Company

Company name: athenahealth

Location: United States, MA, Waltham

Pay rate: 40,000 - 55,000 usd/yr

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Junior Technologist

The Junior Technologist is responsible for the application programming of a
scalable next-generation Internet application. The Technologist will be a
member of the Payor Development Team, based in our headquarters in Waltham,
Massachusetts and will report to the Technical Lead of Payor Development. 
Employees are eligible for performance-based bonuses, including stock
options. In addition, benefits include a minimum of three weeks vacation,
four days paid sick leave, paid holidays, health insurance, participation
in the Company's 401k plan and gym membership program. 

Candidate Criteria 

The Technologist must have the requisite technological expertise and
intellectual stamina to participate in the application programming of an
Internet application. (S)he must be able to engage fully in all aspects of
the software development cycle, and be able to prioritize and complete
multiple tasks efficiently and accurately. In addition, (s)he must not only
be willing, but also excited by the prospect of working in the fast-paced,
often intense technology-development sector of this rapidly expanding
company.


Required skills:
Substantial expertise in at least one fo the following programminlanguages:
Perl, C, C++, etc. 
A keen and inquisitive intellect, deeply interested in technology and its
application to business workflows and processes 
Demonstrated personal drive and ability to take ownership of complex
projects 
Ability to function as an integral part of the software development team 
Willingness and ability to work intense, occasionally extended hours,
particularly under deadlines

Desired skills:
Previous web development experience, UNIX/Linux familiarity, Perl, Java,
DHTML, JavaScript, RDBMS experience (particularly with Oracle) 
Experience in the field of healthcare, particularly in billing/financials,
is extremely helpful 

URL for more information: http://www.athenahealth.com/

Contact information:
Please email cover letter and resume to perljobs@gatewoodfamily.com.


