Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:9220
Return-Path: <ask@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 21105 invoked from network); 17 May 2009 04:29:31 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 17 May 2009 04:29:31 -0000
Received: (qmail 11732 invoked by uid 225); 17 May 2009 04:29:30 -0000
Delivered-To: jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 11728 invoked by alias); 17 May 2009 04:29:30 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-8.0 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x3.develooper.com (HELO x3.develooper.com) (207.171.7.63)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with ESMTP; Sat, 16 May 2009 21:29:25 -0700
Received: by x3.develooper.com (Postfix, from userid 513)
	id 656322AFE0; Sat, 16 May 2009 21:29:22 -0700 (PDT)
To: jobs@perl.org
Message-ID: <20090517042922.656322AFE0@x3.develooper.com>
Date: Sat, 16 May 2009 21:29:22 -0700 (PDT)
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Subject: Software Developer (onsite), United States, MA, Watertown
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/9120

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: May 16, 2009

Job title: Software Developer

Company name: athenahealth

Location: United States, MA, Watertown

Pay rate: Competitive

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: Full Time- Perm

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
  We’re looking for hackers who want to make a social difference. 



Our company, athenahealth, is growing at a meteoric rate, and we’re
aggressively hiring at all levels. Our goal is to bring order to the chaos
of U.S. healthcare, in which hundreds of thousands of medical practices
navigate a Byzantine set of clinical and business processes wrought by
decades of managed care. We do this by offering a software-as-service
solution that embeds insurance rules and clinical processes directly into
our practice management & electronic medical platform. In essence, we are
building an operating system for the medical office that abstracts away
administrative complexity, leaving doctors free to practice medicine. 



The development team here is among the best you’d find at any company in
the world. The working environment is friendly and open. The folks that you
will be working with are top-notch, and will probably be some of the best
and brightest folks you’ve ever worked with regardless of where you’re
coming from—folks who would otherwise work at Google, Oracle, hedge funds,
or startups, but have decided to come here because they want to help change
healthcare at a fundamental level and believe that we honestly have a shot.




In terms of the technology platform-- you'll likely be working on Linux
with Oracle, perl/modperl, and Apache, with plenty of Web 2.0 techniques
thrown into the mix. But that's not why you'd be coming here; we believe
any hacker worth his/her salt can pick this stuff up in a matter of a
couple of months. We're more interested in folks with raw talent and a
burning desire to succeed. The types of problems you might work on are
wide-ranging—from core performance tuning to optimizing paper-based
processes using OCR to writing AJAX widgets in complicated (yet simple!)
user interfaces. 



We’re aggressively growing at all levels. Compensation is competitive, and
as long as you get stuff done, we’re flexible about work schedules. If
you’d like to apply, shoot over a resume. The only real technical
requirement for applying is being able to make a computer do what you want
it to do. 


We have several Development job openings at all levels, from entry-level to
management. Apply here to be considered for all appropriate roles. 



Foundational Competencies: 
All athena employees must demonstrate the following: 



Integrity- conducting business and personal transactions in a legal,
ethical, fair and responsible manner as well as engendering trust, respect
and loyalty from others; 

Teaching- conveying knowledge, insights and expertise to others - using
both formal and informal methods - to show employees the best way to tackle
problems and achieve objectives; 

Learning- passionately pursuing knowledge by showing a persistent and
proactive interest in gaining new insights, as well as acquiring new skills
and experiences based on professional needs or growth; 

Team Work- placing the success of the team and company above personal
achievement to help attain athenahealth’s corporate and social mission.
This occurs by athenistas encouraging cooperation between team members,
valuing others’ contributions, taking an active role in and sponsoring team
activities and consulting with others, including cross-functional groups,
on a wide variety of issues; 

Adaptability- showing flexibility and the ability to cope when faced with
changing conditions or diverse circumstances. It underscores the importance
of staying positive and productive during periods of change or significant
growth, and responding constructively to frustrations or obstacles while
remaining continually focused and in alignment with the overall
athenahealth mission, as well as the missions and goals of one’s
department; 

Communication skills- fluently expressing oneself by conveying information
and opinions in a clear, open, professional and respectful manner in all
oral and written communications with other athenistas, internal/external
clients, payors and vendors. 


Required skills:
Technical Requirements 




Substantial expertise in at least one of the following programming
languages: C, C++, Perl, Java, Visual Basic, etc; 

Preferred skills include previous web development experience, UNIX/Linux
familiarity, Perl, Java, RDBMS experience (particularly with Oracle) 

Experience working directly with business stakeholders a plus 


Desired skills:
Technical Requirements 




Substantial expertise in at least one of the following programming
languages: C, C++, Perl, Java, Visual Basic, etc; 

Preferred skills include previous web development experience, UNIX/Linux
familiarity, Perl, Java, RDBMS experience (particularly with Oracle) 

Experience working directly with business stakeholders a plus 


URL for more information:
http://careers.athenahealth.com/ext/apply.asp?athena?athenaSOFTWARE7.13.09?
tgriesbach?5%22%20target=%22_blank

Contact information at:
http://jobs.perl.org/job/9120#contact


