Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:943
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 84958 invoked by uid 1016); 28 Jun 2003 23:33:32 -0000
Date: 28 Jun 2003 23:33:32 -0000
Message-ID: <20030628233332.84957.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: OO Perl/CGI Developer Required for Remote Position (telecommute), UK. International applicants welcome.
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/834

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 28, 2003

Job title:
OO Perl/CGI Developer Required for Remote Position

Company name: BbBoy.net

Location: UK. International applicants welcome.

Pay rate:
Dependant on skills/experience; negotiable.

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: Permanent

Hours: Full time

Onsite: no

Description:
We are working on some very long-term Perl projects. You will be assigned
tasks (sections of the code) to complete on your own, to make a small
section of the final applications. You are expected to work with no or very
little guidance, but of course there will always be someone there to answer
any questions or problems.

We are looking for someone to work a 35-hour week or more. All the time
will be spent programming in Perl. If you feel you'll get bored of
programming pretty quickly, then this job isn't for you. There's lots and
lots of work to do. The exact times and days that you work do not matter -
you can work whenever you wish, provided you meet at least 35 hours/week.

Your work will not simply be used internal in the company, but used in our
applications themselves - they will go out into the public and be useful.
Your work will really make a difference.

International applicants are welcome, and encouraged.

Our current project is a premium forum/message board application which
inputs from a variety of different database systems (various SQLs, flat
file, and our very own database system being designed specifically for the
task, among others),  and outputs into a variety of different formats (Web
- HTML, plain text, WAP, NNTP, etc). We are aiming to take the world of
forums/message boards to a whole new level, with capabilities never seen
before anywhere. 

This is a permanent position. There will always be some Perl programming to
do - and lots of it. We are planning a series of new products after our
initial application is released, all in Perl. Plus extensive upgrades to
the original application itself.

You must be at least 18 years of age for this position. Depending on
demand, we may be looking to hire more than one applicant.

Required skills:
- Knowledge of Perl's OO.
- Ability to work alone with very little supervision, but also sometimes to
work in a small group.
- Ability to take small "chunks" of work and complete them to the needs of
the application.
- Ability to examine and improve upon existing code - particually to
improve the speed of execution.
- Debugging and spotting security holes in the code.
- HTML knowledge. 

Desired skills:
- Knowledge of NNTP and WAP are both bonuses.
- Experience with different database systems. 

Contact information:
If you are interested in this opening, please contact hr@bbboy.net with
your resume (txt/doc/html/pdf/rtf) , an approximate monthly rate that you
wish to be paid (US$ or GBP please), and an example of your past work.


