Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:947
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 15916 invoked by uid 1016); 1 Jul 2003 02:13:09 -0000
Date: 1 Jul 2003 02:13:09 -0000
Message-ID: <20030701021309.15915.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: mod_perl/Mason contract (telecommute), United States, OR, Portland
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/838

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: June 30, 2003

Job title: mod_perl/Mason contract

Company name: Vinton Studios

Internal ID: Mason programmer

Location: United States, OR, Portland

Pay rate: Negotiable/DOE

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: 1 month

Hours: Full time

Onsite: no

Description:
Vinton Studios was founded in 1976 and has been creating and developing
animation ever since.  Have you heard of the California Raisins? Have you
seen the M&M Mars commercials?	These are just a few examples of our work.

We are seeking a software developer with extensive Perl and Mason
experience to implement a website to be used for exchanging data with
offsite clients. Basic functionality to include user authorization using
standard BSD accounts, filesystem browsing, searching, file previewing,
file download and upload. This is essentially to be a web-based alternative
to FTP and in fact will utilize the same FTP accounts and directories
assigned to each client. A potential follow-on project would add more
sophisticated data presentation features and a metadata database for
tracking information associated with jobs and files.

Target environment is OpenBSD 3.3-stable with builtin Apache (1.3.27),
mod_perl and Mason.

Required skills:
At least five years perl programming experience
At least three years web programming experience
Able to produce clean, safe, maintainable, well-documented code
Strong understanding of and sensitivity to system security
Strong interface and layout design skills
Experience with all aspects of the development cycle
Strong communication skills


Desired skills:
Experience with image and video manipulation tools
Experience with content management systems
Experience with synchronization tools like rsync
Experience using and administering OpenBSD


Contact information:
Please email resumes and examples of previous work to itjobs@vinton.com.



