Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:952
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 60963 invoked by uid 1016); 7 Jul 2003 21:41:15 -0000
Date: 7 Jul 2003 21:41:15 -0000
Message-ID: <20030707214115.60962.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Development Engineer, Automated Advertising Team (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/843

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July  7, 2003

Job title:
Web Development Engineer, Automated Advertising Team

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 03-008944

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Pay rate: OPEN

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: OPEN

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Amazon.com’s Automated Advertising team is building first-in-class
automated systems to manage a multi-million-dollar online advertising
budget.  Our software automatically generates, targets, measures, and
optimizes millions of individual advertisements delivered across the Web
and around the world.  We are now seeking a talented Web developer to join
our team.   

As a senior Web developer on the Automated Advertising team you will work
with a world-class team of software engineers, program managers, and
designers to create dynamic, optimized HTML templates and web applications.
 Projects will include both high-impact, high-visibility features on the
Amazon family of websites and cutting-edge applications for internal users.
 Responsibilities include brainstorming, scoping, specifying, and
implementing new features, as well as providing real-time operational
support for the team’s functional areas.  You will work with technologies
including HTML, CSS, OO Perl, SQL, and XML Web services.   

Proven ability to effectively explain technical options and limitations to
both technical and non-technical audiences is required.  Successful
candidates will have Unix/Linux experience.  An excellent working knowledge
of HTML, Cascading Style Sheets, JavaScript, and OO Perl is required, as
well as the desire to learn new technologies. Exposure to database design
and SQL is highly desired. Experience writing high-performance, reliable
code in C/C++ is a plus.  A bachelor's degree in computer science (or
related area) is also a plus. 

Required skills:
You will work with technologies including HTML, CSS, OO Perl, SQL, and XML
Web services. A bachelor's degree in computer science (or related area) is
needed.  An excellent working knowledge of HTML, Cascading Style Sheets,
JavaScript, and OO Perl is required, as well as the desire to learn new
technologies.


Desired skills:
Experience writing high-performance, reliable code in C/C++ is a plus.

URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/

Contact information: Please send resumes to: jobs@amazon.com


