Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:953
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 61033 invoked by uid 1016); 7 Jul 2003 21:41:25 -0000
Date: 7 Jul 2003 21:41:25 -0000
Message-ID: <20030707214125.61032.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Web Developer, Consumer Ordering Team (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/844

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July  7, 2003

Job title: Web Developer, Consumer Ordering Team

Company name: Amazon.com

Internal ID: 03-008942

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Pay rate: OPEN

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Length of employment: OPEN

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
Amazon.com seeks to be the world's most customer-centric company. We seek
innovative, customer-focused, technically exceptional Web developers to
join our team. As a Web Developer on the Consumer Ordering Team you will
work both independently and with a team of software engineers, program
managers, and designers to create dynamic, optimized user interface
templates for Amazon.com's world-class ordering pages. Millions of people
will use your code. You will be responsible for brainstorming ideas,
product development, feature delivery, and real-time operational support.
You will create features using Perl, Mason, HTML, Cascading Style Sheets,
JavaScript, and other Web technologies. 

You must be able to communicate technical and business concerns to both
technical and non technical audiences. You must have an excellent working
knowledge of HTML, Cascading Style Sheets, JavaScript, Perl,
object-oriented programming, and current trends in Web technology, as well
as have the desire to learn new technologies. Amazon.com is an Oracle
database-driven LINUX/UNIX shop. Graphic design and user-interface skills
are desired. Exposure to database design, structure, and implementation on
the Web is desired. Experience writing high-performance reliable code in
C++ is a plus. A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar area is
also a plus. Successful candidates love the Web, buy things on-line,
explore new technologies for fun, and build Web sites in their free time.


Required skills:
You must have an excellent working knowledge of HTML, Cascading Style
Sheets, JavaScript, Perl, object-oriented programming, and current trends
in Web technology, as well as have the desire to learn new technologies. A
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or similar area is a plus.

Desired skills:
Exposure to database design, structure, and implementation on the Web is
desired. Experience writing high-performance reliable code in C++ is a
plus.

URL for more information: http://www.amazon.com/

Contact information:
Please send your resume to: jobs@amazon.com


