Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:964
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 1573 invoked by uid 1016); 14 Jul 2003 23:33:41 -0000
Date: 14 Jul 2003 23:33:41 -0000
Message-ID: <20030714233341.1572.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl programmer for commercial message board website (telecommute), United States, NV, Las Vegas
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/853

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July 14, 2003

Job title:
Perl programmer for commercial message board website

Company name: Sharp Sports Betting

Location: United States, NV, Las Vegas

Pay rate: negotiated per job

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: dependant on project

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
There are two current projects for our website that I need someone to
complete for us. If you believe you would be able to do either or both of
these that would be great. We will probably continue to have ongoing
projects after these.

The first one:

We use an older version of WebBBS which is written in Perl and is available
from AWSD.com. I would like to upgrade to the latest version, but we have a
number of modifications that have been made in the software. I do not want
to upgrade until I can make sure all the modifications are in place. I need
someone to upgrade our message board software complete with all the
modifications. I believe that this would not be a difficult project for
someone with Perl experience, but we do not currently have someone on staff
who is able to do this.

Second:

We host a website where people make sports picks. With football season
coming, which is the most popular time of the year for betting, we want to
have some picks monitoring software. What we want to do is grab the lines
for the games off a website (there are many that post lines out there) and
then allow people to make picks, and the software will record their picks
and keep track of their year to date record. This could be in Perl, or
whatever other programming language seems suitable for the task.

For the picks monitoring software it would be helpful if the programmer has
some knowledge of the subject matter, but it is not required.

Required skills: Perl

URL for more information: http://www.sharpsportsbetting.com/

Contact information:
David Matthews
Pi Yee Press
email: david@SharpSportsBetting.com
website: http://www.SharpSportsBetting.com


