Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:970
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 87562 invoked by uid 1016); 16 Jul 2003 21:07:33 -0000
Date: 16 Jul 2003 21:07:33 -0000
Message-ID: <20030716210733.87561.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Perl/Mysql Volenteer with a passion for documentary film wanted (telecommute), United States, CA, San Rafael
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/859

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: July 16, 2003

Job title:
Perl/Mysql Volenteer with a passion for documentary film wanted

Company name: e screening room

Internal ID: Jobs.perl.org -46

Location: United States, CA, San Rafael

Pay rate: Free coffee

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Independent contractor (project-based)

Length of employment: 1 month

Hours: Flexible

Onsite: no

Description:
Wanted Perl mySQL programmer with a passion for documentary films.

The e screening room http://escreeningroom.com	on-line website dedicated
to the documentary film. Documentary film fans can watch full length
unabridged films. If they like what they see they can buy a VHS copy for
home viewing. We are awaiting non-profit status. The e screening room is
created by volunteer work.

The e screening room is dedicated to create a different distribution
channel for documentary producers. Independent documentaries are born out
of the passion –often compassion - for the subject of the documentary.
Often these documentaries are self financed.  But there is little financial
gain out of documentary film. As a result, documentary producers get
discouraged and often leave the field. We think that’s a shame: to lose
independent voice, is a loss for a free society. At the e screening room we
try to change that by creating a new distribution channel for documentary
film.

The work exits out of creating a customize engine for the e screening room.
We can do this by customizing an existing public shopping engine like
http://www.escreeningroom.com/store/ , and expand its capability or start
from scratch.
 
These are some of the main functions that engine.
• Facilitate searches thought the newly to be created mysql database.
• Facilitate a shopping cart (But we will be using a third party for the
secure payments, so you do not have to worry about the secure part)
• Facilitate the order status system including discount coupons.
• Facilitate a reporting system for the individual film performance by
producer, distributor and for the whole site.

Here are some of the example templates we created for the new engine.
http://escreeningroom.com/finals/

We are looking for a volunteer with a passion for documentary films and
experience with Perl and MySQL database programming. We will rent a
dedicated server for the project so you can play around with the mod_perl
module and create a cool site for your resume. We can’t pay you anything
but we will mail shade grown coffee to keep you going. 

To apply send us 
1) Why you are interested in documentary films.
2) At least one link to a website that shows you skills and explain what
part you created. If you are just out of collage or still in collage let me
know which books you used.
3) At least two references. 
4) Your contact info. 


This is a voluntary position.

If this is something you feel as passionate about as we do, please send me
a few lines about your experience to: 

jobs46@escreeningroom.com 

Ward Bouwman 
President


Required skills:
must have build, or closely involved with a SQL based website.
Must have a phone number where he/ she can be reached between 9 and 11 am
PST.

Desired skills:
experence with phpMyAdmin
mysql
mod_perl

URL for more information: http://escreeningroom.com/finals/

Contact information:
Ward Bouwman
e screening room 
415 595 8653
jobs46@escreeningroom.com


