Newsgroups: perl.jobs
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.jobs:997
Return-Path: <jobs-admin@perl.org>
Mailing-List: contact jobs-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list jobs@perl.org
Delivered-To: moderator for jobs@perl.org
Received: (qmail 92566 invoked by uid 1016); 5 Aug 2003 03:48:05 -0000
Date: 5 Aug 2003 03:48:05 -0000
Message-ID: <20030805034805.92565.qmail@onion.perl.org>
To: jobs@perl.org
Subject: Senior Software Engineer, Online Community (onsite), United States, WA, Seattle
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: jobs-admin@perl.org (Perl Jobs)

Online URL for this job: http://jobs.perl.org/job/884

To subscribe to this list, send mail to jobs-subscribe@perl.org.
To unsubscribe, send mail to jobs-unsubscribe@perl.org.

Posted: August  4, 2003

Job title:
Senior Software Engineer, Online Community

Company name: CarDomain Network, Inc.

Location: United States, WA, Seattle

Travel: 0%

Terms of employment: Salaried employee

Hours: Full time

Onsite: yes

Description:
(please note: no contractors or telecommuters)

CARDOMAIN NETWORK
CarDomain is the leading online resource for car enthusiasts. Our
operations include the hosting of a thriving online community of car
enthusiasts and an online store retailing automotive accessories. CarDomain
Network was founded in 1998 and is a profitable, diverse, and rapidly
growing company. Our offices are located in downtown Seattle. We seek
intelligent, energetic, highly motivated people who want to be part of
building a leading consumer brand.

THE OPPORTUNITY
We are seeking an experienced Senior Software Engineer to assist in the
development of online applications for our online community. The position
entails close interaction with both technical and business staff and
requires sensitivity to end-user business requirements.

RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
- Technical design and implementation of secure, scalable, and
high-performance online community systems and applications.
- Lead technical planning on assigned engineering initiatives.
- Successfully translate business requirements into technical
specifications and finished products/services.
- Assist in Quality Assurance as needed.
- Create and maintain high-quality documentation of all relevant
specifications, systems, and procedures.
- Provide mentoring and training for junior staff.


Required skills:
- BS or advanced degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or
related technical field.
- 3+ years of experience in web site and software application development
in UNIX environment.
- Excellent knowledge of Perl and object-oriented design.
- Solid understanding of relational databases.
- In-depth experience with Linux/UNIX and desire to work with Open Source
technology.
- Desire to work in fast-paced team environment.


Desired skills:
- Thorough knowledge of Apache and mod_perl.
- Experience with JavaScript.
- Experience with shell scripting.
- Experience with CVS.
- Interest in cars.


Contact information:
jobs@cardomain.com
CarDomain Network, Inc.
1301 Fifth Ave, Suite 1601
Seattle, WA 98101
Tel: 206-926-2100



